Chapter 8: September 5, 2005	I stared at myself in the mirror. Today’s the day.	Numb, I lifted my hands toward my head: scissors in the right, a cold left. I gathered a chunk of hair and closed my hands awkwardly.	A pile of brown locks fell to the floor.	I couldn’t tell if I was looking more like myself or someone else. Or how I thought I could cut my own hair. It doesn’t have to be perfect. Just presentable. I gathered clump after clump. More and more hair gathered on the floor until it began to look like an animal. A small cat. A hamster. Something with more life than dead keratin. 	The scissors began to dull quickly, and when I got closer to the scalp, it took more and more cuts to separate the hair. Getting near the end, I put the scissors in the sink, with hair of various lengths.	Staring at myself again, I made no effort to wipe the short, sharp hairs that littered my forehead. I just stood there, shirtless, standing in a pile of my hair. They’ll believe it if it’s just shaved. I kept cutting, trying in vain to homogenize the lengths. I put little effort into the viability of my appearance, but it gave me something to do.	Expressionless, I walked from the bathroom into the bedroom and sat on the bed. The maroon Berber carpet was ill-cut in the corners. I walked over to the window and drew back the neutral-colored curtains. Second floor. I got the side that looked out on the rear parking lot and the dumpsters.	Sitting back on the bed, I grabbed the overly-simplified remote. Eyes glazed. I lay back on the disheveled sheets. No. Get up. You’ve got errands to run. I shot up and walked back to the bathroom. 	Meeting my gaze, I shaved. Brushed my teeth. Washed my face, all the while staring at my unblinking visage. Who are you?	I chose the most comfortable-looking clothes. Walked toward the door and consulted the full-length mirror before exiting. “Your closest fire exits,” the door informed me. I didn’t look.	I’d been there before, but forgotten how to get there. Especially from this part of town. Heard it wasn’t buried under ten feet of water. Yet.	Department of Motor Vehicles, the sign read. Lines are even longer than usual. Should’ve brought a book. 	Along with my fellow visitors, I snaked around the rope and stanchions, twisting the queue back upon itself several times, packing as many of us into the small space as they could. Glanced fore, aft. By the look and the smell of them, it hasn’t been long since they were all systematically packed somewhere, needs unmet. They’ll never go to another Saints game again. The line didn’t seem to be moving, but I could tell I was progressing somehow.	I finally made it up to one of the windows. The woman looked fresh-faced. Well-slept. Kind. “Hello,” I greeted her, my voice foreign. “How may I help you?” she asked dutifully. 	“Yes. I need to replace my driver’s license. My belongings were flooded out.”	“Okay, sir. You have no identification at all?”	“None.”	“We’re matching up identifications by electronic signature matching. Your name?”	“Aron Gottschalk.” She typed a few things into her computer. 	“Go ahead and sign,” she said.	My hand was cool as a cucumber. I grabbed the pen and rattled it off, just like I memorized it. Big, swooping A, a G, a line. 	“Looks like we’ve got a match,” she said playfully.	Piece of cake. Been planning this moment all day.	“Okay,” she said. “I’ll just make sure your statistics are in order. Still the same height?”	“Yep.”	“Weight?”	“Yes.”	“Eye, hair color?” 	“The same, I said.”	“How about your address? You said it got flooded. Are you moving?”	I had to get out of there. If I had left the car any longer, it would have been useless. Just flooded and useless, like so many others we just saw floating down the street, the tops of their roofs barely visible above the ferocious whitewater. Then we’d be stuck. 	I love you, but I don’t want to be stuck with you on the roof of the house for God knows how long. What makes you think we’d get saved? And where would they take us? I’m not going to the Superdome. I never even liked the Saints.	“Sir, are you keeping your same address?”	Stick with it. “I’m sorry?”	“Your address. Are you going to keep it or change it?” She was losing patience with me by this point.	“Oh, well, I’m going to keep it,” I said proudly.	She typed some things into her computer. “The best of luck to you on that. You didn’t lose too much, I hope?”	You have no idea. “No, not enough that I would want to change my address or move out of this city.” That’s right. Lay it on thick.	“That’s right,” she said, typing and looking at her monitor. “A city with all this history? Lived here all my life.”	“The birthplace of jazz. Couldn’t imagine living anywhere else.” Now you’re just being despicable.	She printed something out. “Okay, sir. Here is your receipt. This shows that you have a driver’s license. It’s what you’ll show to law enforcement in case you get pulled over.”	“Thank you,” I said politely.	“You have a good day, now. And good luck.”	“Thank you, ma’am,” I said, smiling. By the time I turned around, the smile returned to the dull expression I’d been employing.	I got into the car and looked over my ‘driver’s license.’ “Aron Gottschalk,” I repeated to myself, wondering if it would ever sound familiar to me. “Aron Gottschalk. Aron Gottschalk. Height five feet eleven inches. Eyes brown. Hair brown.”	This is me now. This is who I am. I know all these statistics. They’re my own. We were the same person. Or almost. Why does this feel so foreign? I drove off.	Thirsty, I drove around looking for a convenience store. I pulled into a 7-11, hoping for something cold and wet. 	The entrance bell dinged as I walked in, a sure sign I was alive. The drink coolers were stocked with drinks. I almost wondered if I had to stay in character here. The same strands of DNA in different bodies have cravings. Sprite. No, it’s not what he’d get. Seven-Up. My taste buds won’t know the difference. Is that ironic?	“One dollar sixty-three.” I looked at his name tag. At this point, it could have been anyone.	“All I have is my card,” I said. He sighed. I ran it through the machine, and there was another electronic signature panel. My hand sprung into muscle-memory-free-recall action. An elegant ‘M’ and a series of lines from which you could really only discern the ‘S’. A ‘G’ and some scribbles, bobbing up and down. Cross the ‘T’s. My hand froze above the ‘confirm’ button. Fuck. If this weren’t a 7-11 where you could get away with any sort of identity theft, you’d be fucked. All it would take is for what’s his name to check your ID. 	I wasn’t thinking about it.	Wait. You have the ID. Then why wouldn’t your signature match? 	He doesn’t get paid enough to worry about it.	It’s fine. Just pick up your Seven-Up and leave.	And don’t do it again.	You’re dead to everyone else.	Driving around this city never ceased to be interesting. There was always something new that was rebuilt or torn down in the post-storm months. New neighborhoods that you’d never seen in the state they were in. Blocks that looked like stretches of Shanties in Haiti, and rows of houses on the opposite side of the street that looked like mansions by comparison. Still people working to rebuild. Still volunteering. Still hot. Still too much water everywhere but in the mouths of people who needed it. Still a full eight feet under sea level. Still built on swamp land. 	Always neighborhoods you wouldn’t expect to be flooded that were decimated, and always neighborhoods you would expect to be destroyed that were immaculate. Always new graffiti talking about the number of animals or people inside, how much they did or did not want to be rescued, how many shots looters would get, the latter rife with misspellings. Always new homemade signs about what to touch and what not to. Always someone standing in front of what used to be their house that still can’t believe it. 	Always people who want to leave this place. Always people who want to rebuild. Always people that use the disaster for any number of political platforms. In the end, you can spin it any way you want to. If you hated the city before, you could argue that it is illogical to build a city of the foundations upon which this was. If you thought that the administration was incapable of handling natural disasters, look at the abhorrent response that FEMA had to this disaster. A prominent rap star said on a pledge drive on national television that “George Bush doesn’t care about black people,” which is certainly another way to spin the disaster, considering that many of the people displaced by the storm were those living in the low-income neighborhoods like the Ninth Ward, which got the worst flooding in town. And look what happened to them at the Superdome. Disenfranchised, hungry, thirsty, homeless, and with an inept team handling it. 	In the end, it just confirms what you believed before the storm. And to gigantic proportions.	Where is that goddamn department of vital statistics? I thought it was around here. Ah yes. Here we are. 1010 Common Street.	I got out and approached the understatedly daunting red brick building. Swung open the glass and metal door in the front. The elevator doors were closing. I took a jerky step forward, and the man, realizing the nature of the situation, gave a sudden twitch forward, and the doors opened again.	“Thanks.”	“Sure.”	The metal doors closed.	You don’t look like you or him. You don’t look like anybody anymore.	“What floor?”	I can’t believe you’re doing this. This will certify something that didn’t happen.	“Sir?”	“Oh, seven.”	Upward movement.	Why is this always so awkward?	We glanced at each other and smiled vaguely.	Fourth floor. Doors open. He exits. Doors close. Upward movement.	Seventh floor. Doors open. Suite 700. First door on the left. 	Another line.	This line, much like the line at the Department of Motor Vehicles snaked back and forth upon itself. The same faceless group of people, in need of something. Should’ve brought a book. I waited. This line didn’t seem to be moving as quickly as the other one.  “Been here long?” I asked the woman in front of me, a portly black woman with tightly braided corn rows and a striped light blue and white t-shirt. She turned around to look at me to make sure that a person behind her did, in fact, issue forth sound from his mouth. Sure enough. 	She turned back around without answering. 	I raised my eyebrows in surprise.	Everything was chaos. It was a typical office. Phones were ringing off the hook, and the women at the reception windows looked worn-out and frazzled. It was only 11:30. Maybe they need lunch.	“I’m sorry, sir. We’re unable to issue birth certificates without any identification.”	I wondered if he had been well behaved until this point. “This is bullshit,” he said, calling attention to himself and to the situation. 	“I’m sorry, sir. Next?”	“No, not next. You’re dealing with me now.” He was getting agitated.	“I’m sorry, sir. There’s nothing we can do for you. They’re matching signatures at the...”	“Why do I need ID to get ID? If I had ID, I wouldn’t need ID.” This point, I’m sure, resonated with everyone in line. 	“Sharon, call security.” But it didn’t stop that.	“Fuck you, lady,” he said, indignant. Knowing his battle was lost, he turned and made it for the elevator, hoping to get out before a conflict ensued. A conflict with people whom his vulgar language and booming voice wouldn’t intimidate. A conflict that couldn’t end positively. I flinched as he walked out of the office, and hoped that Sharon was fragile fingered with the phone. But the scuffling sounds that issued from the hall told the story: no such luck. Sharon had the fastest digit-dialing digits this side of the Mississippi. 	Because on the other side, it was sunny and bright. A broken window here and there, but all in all, they were just fine. Lucky them.	“Sir,” said voices from in front of and behind me. I walked to the window. “Hi,” I said, politely.	“Name?” You probably could have greeted me back.	“Aron Gottschalk.”	“Do you have ID, Mr. Gottschalk?”	“I have this paper from the DMV, a piece of mail addressed to me,” I said, unfolding each document.”	“Okay, that’ll be fifteen dollars.” She was all business.	“I thought it was nine. That sign over there says nine.”	She looked up at me from over the top of her bifocals. “It says nine or fifteen,” she corrected me. “Fifteen is for the long-form certificate, which is what I assume you’re looking for. Nine is the short-form birth certificate card.”	“Okay,” I said. “I’ll take the deluxe version.”	She was not impressed. “That’ll be fifteen dollars.”	“Do you take credit cards?”	She said nothing and held out her open hand. I placed the card face up in it, and she withdrew her hand quickly. As she ran it, I made sure to concentrate on the simple but important task ahead of me. She placed the credit card receipt in front of me and I signed as the certificate printed out on an old-style dot matrix printer full of blank birth certificates. The next thirteen hundred people that need confirmation that they exist. She gave me my receipt and certificate and sent me on my way. I walked out of the office and pressed the elevator call button.	Aron Gottschalk. Now you’ve done it. You’d better be committed to this. You have in your hand proof that as far as everyone is concerned, you were born someone else. Someone very close to you. Someone genetically identical to you. Or who you were. Whoever that was. No matter. Now you’re someone different. Completely different. No matter how similar they are to you. Or were to you. Or were to what you were. You don’t have any idea anymore who you are, what you were, what you’re supposed to be. You’re fooling everyone else, and now you might as well be fooling yourself. Because you don’t know what’s true anymore.	The elevator doors opened onto the first floor lobby. I made the mistake of making eye contact with the receptionist that sat behind the marble terraced island that made up her desk. “Have a good day,” she said. I think I tried to smile, but I must not have, because she gave me a look that looked like a mélange of annoyance, confusion, and hurt feelings. I shrugged on my way out of the glass and metal door and finally made it back out into the heavy, wet air. I quickly got in the car and drove off.	Okay. Just one more errand to run and this phase of the transformation is complete. I can’t believe I just thought that. That was incredibly corny. Besides, what I’m doing isn’t exactly some diabolical plan for world domination.	He was my brother. I don’t see what the problem is. Technically, we’re the same person. Our DNA is indistinguishable. We shared the same womb for nine months. We came from the same sperm and the same egg. This is only a white lie.	After all, all I’m doing is finally getting what I deserve. If we’re the same person, we should have received equal praise during our childhood. Our father should love us equally. We should have the same opportunities in our lives. But we don’t. It was always Aron. I couldn’t believe that people said some of the completely unoriginal things they said.	“That’s so unfair. I can’t believe you bought Aron a car!”	“Well, mister, Aron is getting straight A’s. When your grades improve, we’ll talk.”	We were the same person, but we weren’t treated like it. I deserve just as good a life as he had. I’m just getting what’s due to me, once and for all. I have a right to all the happiness he had. If we’re the same, I’m entitled to his job prospects, his record at school, his charisma, the respect people give him, the girl who loves him. 	Yes. 	Especially the girl who loves him. We’re the same. How could she love him and not me? 	Now she can.		I pulled up to the stoplight. I looked at the glowing red LED’s and spaced out as I waited for them to change. A car horn jerked me out of my daydreaming. It hasn’t changed. I can’t go yet, asshole. I looked at the car next to me, and an attractive coed with long sandy blond hair put up messily was waving at me. You’re mistaken. You don’t know me. I don’t know me. How could you? My hand forced itself and waved to her. Probably a friend of Aron’s. I smiled. “Good to see you,” she mouthed.	“You, too.” 	The light changed and we drove off.	A friend of Aron’s is a friend of mine.	I drove past the post office, but I could see from more than a block away that it wasn’t open. It didn’t look damaged. Could be they lost too many employees in the storm. A sign on the door indicated other open branches. The nearest one was about 20 minutes away, and I realized that I wasn’t in any particular hurry. 	I’ve got all the time in the world.	The road on the way there was cracked and eroded. I remembered how every time it rained very hard, the city would flood. Just a few inches, but during the rainy season, it was always like living in Venice. You’d think that for a city eight feet below sea level, they’d have some sort of reliable drainage system. But then I guess it would take away the charm.	Getting sick of the silence, I threw on the radio to the mix station, hoping to find some good 80s classics I could sing along with to get my mind off of things.	“...The tears that we cry until dawn...oh, oh, Hold me now, warm my heart, stay with me, let lovin’ start,” I sang along. The best thing about 80s songs is that everyone my age knows the words, and we don’t know how. And that even though some of them are by far some of the cheesiest and objectively worst songs ever, we still love them. I wondered how this was possible when...	“You never close your eyes anymore when I kiss your lips,” I crooned. 	And there’s no tenderness anymore in your fingertips. 	You’re trying hard not to show it, but baby, I know it. The chorus kicked in, and I was drumming on the steering wheel. 	You’ve lost that lovin’ fee-lin, 	whoa, that lovin’ feeling. 	You’ve lost that lo-vin’ feelin’, 	now it’s gone, gone, gone, whoa-oa-oh!	It’s amazing what music can do for your mood. I turned the dial left and right, looking for something to bite into. “Now, when Israel was in Egypt’s land, let my people go,” sang the scratchy Satchmo. I couldn’t find anything good, so I tuned in to the local college station. Could this be? Some lo-fi drums, distorted guitars, it is.	Do you love me, babe? 	What can I say?	 Because I wanna be your boyfriend. 	Hey, little girl, I wanna be your boyfriend.I always knew I could count on Joey Ramone and the guys for a good time. 	I pulled into the post office parking lot and waited the song to end. Nodding my head, I looked around. Maybe this won’t be so bad. The Ramones made their grand exit and the DJ came on. “Hey, thanks for listening. That was the Ramones with...” I quickly jerked the keys toward me and pulled them out of the ignition. I couldn’t stand his voice. What a douchebag.	I don’t know why I expected it to be any different, but there was a huge line at the post office, too. I sighed deeply. These were the only three things I had planned to do today, so I guess it didn’t matter that it was nearing four o’clock. I got in the back of the line, waiting until it advanced enough that I could get the form I needed so I could fill it out while I was standing in line. 	I advanced slowly while trying to respect the personal space of the people in front of me. Something inside me was growing very irritated, but I tried to contain it until I at least saw the form that would take my mind of the minutia of standing in line. 	If there was one thing I could say about administrative forms, at least they were uniform. Rarely did they take you by surprise with the starting blank being “Favorite center fielder of the 1987 Chicago Cubs: _____________.” I grabbed a pen from a small rectangular plastic utensil holder on the island that separated the two halves of the line. Someone had charmingly packing-taped a plastic spork to it. “There, that’ll hold ‘em,” they must’ve thought. “Nobody is going to steal a pen with a fucking spork on it.” I certainly had no intention. I know how much pens cost. It adds up. Spork or not, this pen is going right back where I found it when I am done. I patted myself on the back. See? You may have stolen your dead brother’s identity and are now illegally filling out an application for his passport so you can go to another country on his scholarship, but you’re sure as hell not going to steal this pen. Why? Because you have morals. Fucking A right.	I skipped a good part of the fine print that made up the first four pages. I’m a pretty smart guy. I don’t think I really need the “instructions” for how to fill out a form. Happily going about it, my pen flew. Name of applicant, date of birth, sex place of birth. This wasn’t anything like the Witness Protection Program. All this information was second nature to me. This was going to be easier than I had thought. “20. What other names have you used?” I’m remembering now. This is permanent. I can’t go back on this.		I’ve heard that when you go to get your name legally changed, the process is relatively straightforward. You go to the courthouse and get a form, one imagine to be much like the one I’m filling out right now. But there’s a special part. A part designed to weed out applicants who aren’t serious or haven’t considered the implications of a name change. 	Apparently, you have to write your name three times in a row. 	That’s it. Simple enough, but it fucks with you. A friend of mine once was convinced that it was his destiny to change his name to Magnet and become a monk. He had it all planned out. Got up one morning on his day off. Put on his nicest suit. Combed his hair. He made it down to the courtroom, excited about opening this chapter in his life. When he arrived, he asked for the form and happily began filling it out. Apparently, he got to the second time of writing his new name, and cracked.	Tore up the form and was back doing a keg stand with his roommates by lunchtime. 		Judiciously, I skipped the ‘other names’ section of the form. 	And then, son of a bitch.	How could I have forgotten the photos? Passport photos. I needed two. I sighed in a huff and made it back for the door. Getting halfway there, I realized that I still had the pen. I smiled and returned it to its receptacle and turned again, making my way back to the car. 	When I was younger, I loved running errands. I used to get to go with mom, and if we were patient while she did everything, made a bank deposit, got groceries, picked up another ream of paper for the printer (the kind with the perforated strips with the holes for the dot matrix printers), she’d buy us each an ice cream cone. TCBY. The Country’s Best Yogurt. They had some flavor I loved...ah, yes. Something with peanut butter and chocolate. Sometimes I’d switch it up to something that looked great: mint chocolate chip, banana’s foster, pralines and cream. But I’d always get burned. So I learned after a while to stick with the peanut butter. 	Where to get passport photos? Didn’t Walgreen’s do it? Oh yeah. I had to go with Aron when he went to get them as celebration for finally finishing his Fulbright application? What a pretentious fuck. He was so sure he was going to get it, he had to get his passport ready before he even heard back. 	Of course, neither of us had one. We’d never been out of the country. There was the time that we went to go visit aunt Jenny and uncle Jim in upstate New York, and we went to the Canada side of Niagara Falls for two hours. Did that count? It would have, but that was one of the most anticlimactic days of my life. Except that Aron was running and he fell down and skinned his knee. He was crying and mom cleaned it out and held him, petting his hair as he got the tears out. I was almost happy. That little fucker deserved it. Then I almost felt bad. 	“Aron, it’s okay,” I said. He stopped crying and looked up at me. I pointed to the blood on the ground. “This blood made it out of your body. And now there will always be a part of you in Canada.”	I began to cry. I couldn’t tell what it was; guilt, reminiscence, and stress were all likely candidates.	I pulled into the Walgreen’s parking lot, and had to sit in the car for a few minutes to regain my composure. 	Walking to the service counter for the one-hour photo, I saw from a few steps back that they did passport photos while you wait. I made eye contact with the clerk. He made his way from behind the counter with a small digital camera while I tried to arrange my hair in the mirror. It was useless.	“Smile.”	Click.	“It’ll be ready in fifteen minutes.”	The magazine aisle was the only viable candidate for a waiting period like this. I wondered what I could possibly find interesting at this point. The last thing I wanted was the new Time or Newsweek, which would inevitably have more news about the latest Bush or FEMA blunders. Maybe the new US Weekly, which enticingly featured Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears on the cover. I found reading it to be masturbatory both in the way the stars so ridiculously paraded themselves around pretending to have normal lives, like jogging in full makeup while journalists snap photos, and in the way that it was great while you were reading it, but the second you put it down filled you with deep self-loathing. 	“Your photos are done,” the clerk called.	I turned to the other side of the magazine aisle where the school supplies were kept, and grabbed a glue stick. “Thanks, I said.” I paid the nice man and was back in the car before I expected. Wow. That digital photography really makes life easier.	On my way back to the post office, I kept the radio off. The whistling of the wind in my ear from the open window allowed me time to think. Not about anything in particular, but sometimes it’s nice when your mind just opens up and stretches a little bit, thinking of its own accord. I settled into the rhythm of my mind’s random processing.	Green grapes are much better when they’re cold.	But still not as good as cold red grapes.	But both of them are still better than seeded grapes. It’s just not worth the trouble of spitting out the seeds. A mango, sure. But not grapes. 	Mmmm. Mangos. Arguably the best tropical fruit.	But what else is it going up against? Guava? Never had it. Pineapple? Good, but not a mango. Bananas? Too pedestrian. Passion fruit? Is that even a fruit, or is it some sort of amalgamation of tropical goodness thought up by drink manufacturers? 	I pulled back into the post office parking lot. Turning the ignition off, I glanced at the radio clock.	4:58.	Panic. Shit. My heart began to race. 	I kicked the car door open, and slammed it behind me before opening into an all-out sprint for the door. Come on, come on, come on. I made it to the door and met the eyes of the middle-aged woman with salt and pepper hair. She looked at me through her glasses. I put my open palm on the door, but she met it with her own. I was amazed by her power.	“We’re closed, sir.”	“Oh, come on. It’s 4:58.”	“Not by our clock, sir. We’ll be open tomorrow at nine am.”	I stared at her. “Please. It’s important.” Play the card. “You don’t know what I’ve been through.” 	Her expression changed from narrowed eyes to a grimace, then to raised eyebrows, to resignation.	She let me in and locked the door after me.	“Thank you,” I said, huffing and puffing.	Looking me dead in the eye, her expression hardened. “We’ve all been struck by this storm.” I turned my eyes toward the ground and nodded.	Standing toward the aisle, the line was only a few people deep. The other people who would have been in it had the decency not to come in two minutes before they closed. I leaned on the island and hastily glued the picture onto the form. Pressed and held for five, ten, fifteen seconds.	I looked at the vacant stare of the subject in the photograph. I can’t tell if you look anymore like your brother than you did when all of this started.	In the end, you look like neither of us now.	I patiently waited for my turn in line behind a tall woman whose wiry blond hair reached the middle of her back. This point was about eye level for me, as she was probably one of the tallest women I’d ever seen. But she smelled good. 	 Couldn’t be perfume. Could it be her hair?	I leaned forward on my toes and approached her yellow locks. As my breathing quickened slightly, she spun around quickly.	I quickly grabbed for my eyelids with my fingertips and rocked back onto my heels, then back onto my toes again. Rubbing my eyes, I coughed nervously. I let down my hands and looked at her. 	“Sorry,” I apologized. “Allergies.” She forced a half-smile and turned back around.	Her white tank top and pink nylon short shorts and flip-flops barely contained her towering form. 	If you had laid the fabric out on a bed and told me that was how much fabric would cover your body today, I would say you’re crazy. “It’ll never fly,” I’d tell you. But you did it...	“Sir, I can help you over here.”	I snapped into action and deliberately sauntered to the open window. 	The only down side to walking into a place just before they close is that you end up there after they close, in this sort of dreadful no man’s land where they’re not especially required to be cordial to you, and you really have no recourse because of the guilt you feel; you could be keeping them away from their kids, from their birthday dinner their husband lovingly prepared, from the novel they’re so engrossed in and can’t wait to get back home to read the last 20 pages they’ve been saving for the past three days until they had 30 consecutive minutes to sit down and read them.	“I just need to turn in this passport application,” I said, looking down at it and making sure all was in order. 	“Eighty-five dollars,” responded the clerk mechanically. I looked up and met her eyes. The same woman who had let me in. I smiled and pulled out my checkbook.	I quickly penned the check, imagining which of the scenarios I had conceived might be her own. Taking great care, I ripped it from the book: those goddamn things always ripped on me. Besides, they’re so archaic, I’m amazed we still use them...	“ID?”	I reached toward my back pocket for my wallet and grabbed my driver’s license paper out for her. “Do you have anything with a photo on it?” she asked, sighing.	“No, that’s all I have. That’s why I’m applying for a pass...”	“You need to have photo identification next time,” she said coldly.	“Sure thing,” I said meekly. She took the paperwork and put it in the rolling basket behind her. It just sat there, on top of another stack of papers. Just loose, like that...	“You’re all set,” she said, her tone slightly elevated just to let me know how much of a nuisance I had been to her since the beginning.	“Thank you. Have a good day,” I tried. She gave me a small, but genuine smile.	I sat back in the car and heaved a great sigh of relief. In the end, it had been easier than I had imagined. I had effectively completed the last errand for the day, and the last in the material aspect of this venture. 	What did it mean that it had been so easy? Well, it wasn’t rocket science. I wasn’t a terrorist trying to get citizenship so I could infiltrate the country from the inside or get on a plane with some liquid explosives in my shoe. I was someone who looked exactly like the person I was emulating. We had the same internal makeup. I would have had this much trouble getting my own ID.	Still, somehow it felt good. I had accomplished what I had set out to accomplish.	You did it. Now it’s a waiting game.	I was driving west, and when I realized I had no destination, I pulled over.	Can’t waste gas.	Where am I going? This was so anticlimactic. I planned to start this new life, and here I am. Nowhere to go. 	Then the first logical step hit me.	Dad, here I come.