Chapter 6: August 29, 2005	A note from the person looking for her:  Looking for Susan Dunn Hello I'm trying to find my Friend and her Family, her name is Shelia Dixon, if you have any information on her please call me @ 917.555.0692 or email me @ adxworks02335@aol.com, I saw her in a photo on MSNBC but there is no further word about her and family, please, I beg you, let me know where I can find her that I may be of assistance to her.  Hello, I am looking for items thrown out by landlord after Katrina. There was some sentimental value to a lot of items. No questions asked. I have been ill and I would like some things from the past. No questions asked. Please help me find my lost cockatiel bird. She narrowly escaped with her life after an attack by a cat in the neighborhood. She is fairly young and inexperienced in the ways of the world and won't last long on her own. She is mostly shades of gray, with orange cheeks and yellow/green tail feathers. She looks like a sleek mourning dove with a horn bill. Her name is Chee Wee but she answers to Kiwi too; it's all in the voice. She may not come to you but may respond to your call. If you see her or have the good fortune to catch her, please call 555-3220. She was lost on Sunday afternoon, 10/19, on Dufossat St. between Chestnut and Coliseum. Please help me get her back home. Hi I am looking for my friend Michael Langlon, Jr. We have lost contact since the hurricane. If you know him or anyone who knows the family, please advise them that Sonia from Arizona is trying to contact him.Found last week: a black dog with white chest and paws. She appears to be a pit bull mix. She is probably about a year old. If you think you are missing her, please call Suzie @ 617-555-5997. Lost brother:Looking for Joseph Russell .Last known address was in Durant, MS. Please call with any information:(504-555-6951)Lost family member--My husband is trying to find his cousins Tamina Buckham. If you know them please leave us a message. He hasn’t been able to find them since the storm and would really like to get back in touch. Thank you and God Bless.Dog Found:Male dog possibly a FOX Terrier, about 16 " tall. White with large black spots and a few brown spots around the muzzle.  Found Nov.11 late afternoon. E-mail @ nawlins39@hotmail.com or call 555-6236.Anyone in the general area that may know who lost this sweet little dog, please contact us. ThanksFound:I found a pair of sunglasses that look expensive. If you can give me date you lost them, brand, and description, I would like to hear from you. Thanks. Hello, I am looking for a old friend named Andrew Mitchell. The last time I saw him was in St. Louis about 5 years ago. He works for a construction company in the area. If you know him please contact me. Thanks, Sharon. MISSING PERSONS--DANIEL MARTINO AND HIS MOTHER, FORMERLY OF MOORPARK AND AGOURA HILLS,CALIFORNIA. RELOCATED TO NOLA, OR LAKE CHARLES, LA.CALL DAVID AND JULIE WITH INFO 661-555-8727.My baby bird is still at large but a few possible sightings have been reported. Hope springs eternal. Please call if you see a young gray cockatiel with orange markings on her face, a hooked beak, and nice yellow and green under-feathers on her tail. Any leads are helpful!! Her name is Chee Wee. Nov. 24, 2006, 10:03AM AT THE COURTHOUSE Local woman accused of Katrina relief fraud She, 30 others in the area are accused of trying to collect money meant for victimsBy CINDY GEORGE Copyright 2006 Houston ChronicleA Houston woman arrested this month joins 30 others in the Houston area who face federal charges for trying to collect money intended for victims of hurricanes Katrina and Rita.An October indictment against Yolanda Yvette Thomas, 27, accused her of filing a false claim for Hurricane Katrina disaster aid, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Texas reported. She was arrested Nov. 6 and is free on $10,000 bail.Coast Guard Petty Officer 2nd Class Shawn Beaty looks out of his HH-60 Jayhawk helicopter for survivors in flooded Orleans Parish. This rescue crew was sent from Clearwater, Fla., to assist in search and rescue efforts.Katrina Blog:I survived Hurricane Katrina, but it transformed me. I am a very different person today. I feel more loved than I did a week ago, and I greatly appreciate all of the friends and family and even strangers who both helped me directly and who contacted me to say they were concerned and thinking about me and my family. The world clearly has plenty of empathy and compassion left. On Saturday, Melissa was thrilled to see people finally being evacuated out of the Convention Center area. People with serious medical conditions were being flown by helicopter to safety and others were lining up to get on busses. Melissa still couldn’t believe it took so long to aid the people at the Convention Center, but at least help had finally arrived. All she wanted on Thursday was to see these people loaded up on busses, and that day finally arrived.Saturday, Aug. 27, 2005 was move-in day for Tulane students. In a matter of hours, students and parents went from unpacking boxes in residence halls to hurriedly evacuating the city.“We had absolutely no idea what we were in for, which, as far as I am concerned, was the turning point of the whole tragedy. We parked around 5 blocks away in hopes that our car wouldn’t be vandalized. As we approached the Convention Center, that’s about 7 blocks long, we rounded the corner, and I will never forget what we saw: eight to ten thousand people that were waiting in that Convention Center area, and there were no police or National Guard anywhere. A man called to us to come see this dead body around us. The crowd around him yelled at him not to do it and started throwing bottles. He screamed back at them, ‘They need to see this. They need to show the world what’s out there.’”