Chapter 1: Thursday, September 8, 2005	I knew even before I got there that it was going to be the hardest thing I had ever done.	My The white '89 Toyota Corolla was caught in bumper-to-bumper traffic on I-10 West toward Baton Rouge. Looking in my rearview mirror, I could see helicopters through the trees making distressed circles. I turned up the CD player. Because I had lost everything, all I had was The Smith's Singles Volume 2; I had left it in the car.	“What is this, a fucking parking lot?” I yelled to myself, banging the steering wheel. I honked like everyone in front of and behind me, knowing it would do no good. Rolling down my window, I lit a cigarette and blew the first plume of smoke out into the oppressively hot and sticky Louisiana air. As the smoke dissipated, a mild breeze carried it slightly back toward the city, gesturing toward disaster.	I had just passed the six-hour mark on a drive that usually took no longer than 75 minutes. On a good day, I could get it down to just over an hour. Since I usually went to visit him on Sundays, I could beat the traffic. Everyone else was going east on I-10, coming back to the city after a long weekend anywhere else.	Well, before the levies broke anyway.	I was no farther than half way, and like everyone else around me, I had turned off my car. I had passed a road sign a mile and an hour and a half back that said the next gas station wasn't for 10 miles, and I knew I'd never make it. Even if I did, the gas stations off the highway were bad news. The gas would be $10 a gallon, and the person at the next pump would just as soon stab me in the kidney and siphon what little I had in my tank and leave me bleeding to death as look at me.	Catastrophe turns people into savages.	I wasn't sure if he had heard about it yet, or if he did, if he would remember. The last time I went to visit him, he remembered me but not my brother, his own son. It devastated my brother, but the old man just sat in the bed and talked to me about Peggy, the nice nurse that had been taking care of him. Peggy had quit six months before to go back to school so she didn't have to work around depressing people like him for the rest of her life. I didn't remind him.	I hadn't noticed, but there was now almost a half car length's distance between me and the blue Chevy pickup in front of me. I started the car up and let the brake up slowly as I coasted to within six inches of the truck's bumper. I pondered the sun bleached confederate flag sticker and its accompanying quotation: “ 'Till Death Do Us Part.” I also considered the jalopy's collector plates. The car didn't look as vintage as it did simply old. I took another drag and leaned my elbow on the wheel to lay my head down in its crook. 	An obnoxious honk from behind me startled me, and the redneck truck was now several car lengths ahead and seemed to be moving. I quickly pulled up, and though traffic was now advancing at a modest crawl, I was relieved it was progressing at all. The CD started skipping, and I reflexively pounded the off button, content to let the breeze entertain me. 	Baton Rouge 35, chided the roadside sign. 	I looked at the speedometer. 1520.	If we stay at this pace, I thought, I'll make it before I run out of gas. It was refreshing to see pavement moving underneath me, and the broken white of the lane dividers propelled toward me assured me that I'd finally be there soon.	Pulling into the parking lot, I found a space right in front of the visitors' entrance. “I guess people have more important things to do today than visit their aging parents,” I mused aloud. My own voice sounded foreign to me.	“How's he doing, Pearl?” I asked at the front desk. She sighed.	“He's actin' like he ain't heard yet,” she said, physically sinking into her gray office chair. Her scrubs lacked their typical multicolored zest. Everybody was taking it hard.	“I'll have to break it to him again,” I responded, not breaking by stride. I knew she wouldn't ask me to sign in. Pearl was a short, round woman of 35 or so, typically cheerful, skin still taut and molasses brown. She didn't even have it in her to flirt with me today. I wondered if she'd lost someone, too.	I walked slowly down to the end of the hall and found his door cracked slightly, though he was not awake. I walked past his bed quietly to draw up the blinds. I looked out the window onto the courtyard and wondered if he'd remember this time. Nothing told me that he would, but the disease was unpredictable. It was unlikely, but he could retain it this time. I hadn't been to see him since it happened, but I knew he'd heard the coverage in the New York Times every day. And he probably wondered daily time how such a cataclysm could have occurred without him knowing about it. Then he'd call a nurse in and ask her about it. She wouldn't feel like talking about it, so she'd just explain it all again, this time shortening the story even more from the day before. It hit land, she'd say. The levies broke. They knew they would. And they did. Some evacuated. Some didn't. They're looking for survivors. Then she'd walk out, unfazed by the fact that she could sum up such conflagration into six sentences. He'd just sit motionless, unsure which to take in first: his own disaster, or the one 80 miles away.	“Dad?” I tried.	“Hi, dad. It's Aron.” He turned his head toward me and smiled. 	Taking his hand, I put it on my face. I held my breath, unsure of the response I'd get.	“Hi, son. I was just resting my eyes.”	I sighed deeply and smiled back.	“How are you feeling?”	“I'm fine today, but I haven't eaten much. I hope I get my appetite back so I can come home with you and mom. Is she with you?”	She's dead, I wanted to tell him. She drowned. Probably one of the first. She wouldn't evacuate. You would've admired her courage and despised her abandon. 	“Did you see Peggy on your way in? I wanted to ask her something. You know she's just been so nice lately...”	“Do you want to try some more of your lunch?” I interrupted, hoping to distract him from his dementia. 	It never gets easy to watch anyone you love fall slowly into their own ruin. Though it's gradual, each time they ask you something they should know about you, a part of you dies. You dread that day more and more when you go in and see that their eyes lack recognition entirely. I knew he wasn't far from it, and I started to hate myself for going. If I skipped a week, he'd never know, I thought. I know I promised, but I think I could justify it, considering the circumstances.	“I can't force it down today. Maybe tomorrow.”	“Yeah, okay,” I said.	“Are you sick? Your voice sounds a little hoarse.”	“A bit. Listen, dad, I have to tell you something.”	“Before you do, did you hear about the storm?”	“Yeah, dad, that's what it's about. Dad, I...”	“Your mother and Moses are okay, aren't they? Where did they evacuate to? I know that your mother was always too stubborn to leave the house. I bet leaving it ruined her.”	“Dad, she didn't leave,” I struggled to get out.	“God damn it, Linda,” he heaved to himself, shaking his head. “Where is she? Is she okay?” His questions were becoming more frantic. “Where is Moses? Why aren't you talking? Aron, where are your mom and brother? Aron, talk to me, for Christ's sake.” I couldn't bear to answer him.	“The house was hit pretty hard. Moses’s and my place was, too.”	“Aron, where is your mother?” He was starting to raise his voice. He reached for my face, and when he found it, he traced my eyebrows to judge my expression, and as soon as he felt the wetness on my cheeks, he collapsed back into his bed. I watched his shoulders shake, but he made no sound. After a few minutes, he sat motionless, paralyzed. Finally he turned to me. “How?”	“She was trying to find her flashlights in the basement and one of the bookcases fell on her.”	“And?”	“She…she was knocked unconscious and drowned.”	“Oh, Jesus,” he whimpered pathetically. “Oh, Jesus. Oh, my Lord Jesus.” He furrowed his brow bitterly, searching for someone to hate. “Your brother. What happened to your brother?” he managed.	“They still can't find him,” I said. I didn't have it in me to recount the horrid way I watched my brother die.	In a show of strength I haven't seen since he entered the home, the gripped the metal sides of his bed, his knuckles white. He threw back his head, his mouth open. The rough grating of his vocal chords knocking together was the only sound he could manage. 	Pearl ran into the room and slowed quickly as she entered. I pivoted on my heels, and she knew immediately. “Mr. Althaus, do you need assistance?” she asked formulaicially, sure to perform the formalities in spite of everything. He didn't answer. I shook my head imperceptibly, and she backed out of the room. 	I turned back to him, and he had the same helpless expression on his face. I couldn't bear to watch his face contort. You see people break news like this to their loved ones on movies, and the actors fall to their knees and exude this cathartic wail. It’s so wrenching to watch, but it wins Academy Awards. Real life is different. This ruined my father. I hung my head, forced to look away to avoid looking at his impotent body writhing. I felt like I had witnessed something I shouldn’t have been. It was awful, and I just stood there.	“Are you there, Aron?” he breathlessly uttered, laying on his side by now, his back facing me, exposing his withering body between the parting of his gown. I grabbed his hand and put it on my heart, hoping it could tell him something I couldn’t. 	“I knew this was going to happen,” he said harrowingly. “Who lives in a city that’s below sea level? It’s so impractical.” Before he got to this last word out, he sank back into his bed again, motionless. I narrowed my eyes in a way I wouldn’t have if he could see me. 	“You loved that city,” I offered. “‘It’s historical,’ you’d say. ‘The birthplace of jazz.’” 	“When she wanted me to take that position at Tulane, and I finally gave in, I knew I’d regret it,” he said. “‘We’ll die here,’ I told her. She thought I meant we’d grow old there together, and she thought it was romantic.” At this, he began to sob, this time with wheezing breaths.	I didn’t say anything. He felt for my face in hopes of finding some empathy there. He found nothing. Catching his breath, he looked in my direction. “Your face is silent,” he said. “How are you taking it?”	“I don’t even know,” I said numbly. “We lost everything.”	“How did you get out?” 	“We started to evacuate, but we turned back for Maggie.”	“Who?”	“Maggie, dad. Remember? I’ve told you about her on my last two visits”	“What? When were you here last?” 	“Think, dad. When do I come to see you? There’s a day. It’s weekly.” He hesitated. “Jesus, dad.” I took a breath. “I got the car out and drove north to McComb with Maggie.”	“Did your brother stay behind?”	Nothing.	“When are they going to find him?	Nothing.	“Aron, did you lose sight of your brother?”	Nothing.	He rolled over, overcome. I closed my eyes, sighing. I heard footsteps squeaking in the hallway, increasing in volume.	Pearl didn’t ask this time. She ran into the room and over to his bed, pressing the override button on his heart monitor. “I saw his vitals at the station. They was goin’ crazy,” she explained softly. She rolled him back onto his back and checked his IV. His eyes were closed, but you were never sure what that meant. Pressing the call button, she looked at me urgently, wringing his hands in hers. The other attendants pushed past me on either side, and I found myself in the hall, looking into the window in his door. I could tell by the way they were moving that he was going to be okay. Just shaken up, Pearl would tell me. He’ll be fine, baby, she’d offer kindly. 	I collapsed into the chair outside his door and the hard plastic and metal atrophied my limbs. I sat awkwardly and my eyes seemed to move of their own accord, trying to find something they could focus on. The dry erase board, cleaning carts, the exit sign, the linoleum tiles. That’s it, I thought. They all look different, but there has to be a pattern. When does the design repeat? I knew it coudn’t be more than a four by four square, but I couldn’t concentrate. My lids began to blanket my eyes slowly and progressively, against my will: a sweet undertow pulling me gently to sleep.	“Mr. Gottschalk?” 	I jerked awake. “Hmm?”	“He’ll be fine. You can go in.”	“Thank you, Dr. Schuttmann.” I pushed on the door; it felt heavy.	Walking past the curtain that divided his half of the room from what would be his roommate, I glanced at the neatly made bed. I wondered how long it would be before my father’s half of the room looked the same, and the children of the inhabitant of the other half would glance at my father’s made bed, ordered room, TV remote sitting cleanly on the table whose arm stretched across the bed, offering a modest eating surface.	“Dad,” I said into the room, unsure.	“Hi, Moses.”	“Dad, it’s Aron,” I said.	“Your father’s got a little memory problem,” he said, motioning toward his head, by means of a peace offering. Or a joke. 	“How are you holding up?” I asked, unsure where to lead the conversation at this point.	“I’m okay. I haven’t eaten much,” he said, motioning toward his half eaten meal. “I’m hoping to eat a little more today so I can get my strength up enough to come home and see your mother. By the way, did you see Peggy on the way in?”	I hate you, I said with my eyes.	“Peggy’s off today.”	“Oh, that’s too bad. She’s been so nice lately.”	This is so easy for you. You have no idea. You probably don’t even know what’s wrong with you. “So I hear.”	“How’s work, Moses? You still liking it?”	“It’s Aron, dad.” I put his hand in my hair. 	“So it is,” he said, smiling. “So it is. When is that brother of yours going to cut his hair like yours?”	“I don’t know, dad.”	“Is he coming today?”	No. He’s never coming again. “Not today, dad.” You probably only got a few inches here. A few puddles on the ground in the morning. You have no idea.	“You tell that brother of yours to come and see me when you see him next.”	“Sure thing.” I was mechanical. You’ll see him soon enough.	I walked around to the other side of his bed. His head followed.	“Are you sick? Your voice sounds a little hoarse.”	“Something like that.”	“Hey, how’s Erna?”	We broke up three years ago. She had no sense of humor. “She’s fine.”	He paused. “Listen, Aron, I’m glad you came to see me. I really like it when Moses comes to see me, too, but it really brightens up my day to see you.”	“Dad,” I said, usure of how to respond.	“I’m not choosing favorites,” he assured me. “I just like it when you come down. It makes me so happy. Your younger brother is just always such a downer. He’s always depressed.”	Of course you’re choosing favorites. Everyone always chooses a favorite. I always hated you for that. “We’re only five minutes apart.”	“I know, but you always seemed so much older. I think your brother has some growing up to do.”	What do you know? “What’re you reading there?” I asked, anxious to talk about anything else.	He picked it up and ran his hands across the embossed cover. “A biography of Arnold Schoenberg,” he said proudly.	“Who?” I asked. It seemed like a name I should know. I knew my brother would know, and I felt guilty.	“Let me read you a passage.”	“That’s okay, dad, really.”	His hands moved gracefully, the fingers working independently like five sovereign seismograph needles. “The composer was at times debilitated by triskeidekaphobia...”	“By what?”	“Triskeidekaphobia. Fear of the number 13. I figured you’d know what that meant, Aron.”	I’m sure you did. “I’m a little out of it today,” I offered by way of excuse. “Dad, that’s not why I’m here.”	“I know.”	“Let’s talk, dad. Dr. Schuttmann says we have to keep your memory active or you’ll lose it faster.”	“Okay,” he sighed. He always hated this part.	Your neurons are dying and you don’t even care. “Tell me what you loved about mom when you first met her. Tell me the story.” Think hard. Give her a good elegy.	He drew in a deep breath and began. “I met her just after she divorced your father. You and your brother were only about two or three. I didn’t think I was ready to start a family, so the idea of her having twins seemed overwhelming. But the more I got to know her and the two of you, I just fell in love.”	“Be specific, dad.”	“The first time I met her was at a Schoenberg opera, in fact.” His lids fluttered like he was dreaming. “I remembered thinking that she must have been special to like such dischordant music. I was there with my a friend from grad school, Hartwin, who knew her from a music theory class. After the show, he took me out into the lobby and introduced me to her.	“‘Leberecht,’ he said, ‘I’d like you to meet Vera.’ I stretched my hand cautiously out, and she took it. It was reassuring. Warm and firm, but soft.  She spoke calmly, but with authority. I knew then that she hadn’t just gone to the concert with a friend, but had a genuine interest in famously cerebral music. My heart fluttered.	“The three of us went out for coffee after the concert, and she talked with such conviction about twelve tone music. I was touched. I told her about my plans to become a professor of music theory, and she seemed genuinely interested. Hartwin left us there, and we talked for three more hours. It was incredible. ‘My babysitter is going to be so upset,” she laughed. But at that moment, it was just the two of us.	“I invited her to a concert of the Berg Violin Concerto that was playing the next week. She said she’d love to. I found out years later that she already had tickets, but let me take her anyway.	“I didn’t touch her face until the fifth date, but I can remember so clearly how she looked. One night after we went to the opera...”	“Which opera, dad?” I asked, knowing the answer, and hoping he did, too.	“Pelleas und Mellisande. We went out that night, and I could feel the beautiful night air on my face. She led me by the hand to her car. I asked her where she was taking me, but she didn’t answer. We were listening to the classical station on the way, and Romeo and Juliet came on. It was perfect.”	“Prokoffiev or Tchaikovsky?” I prodded, going through the motions.	“Prokoffiev. She stopped the car after about 30 minutes of driving, and told me to take off my shoes. I did, but I don’t think she knew how terrified it would make me. She came around to my side of the car and opened the door. I pivoted toward the opening and stood up. I almost lost my balance because of how beautiful it felt. She had parked in a field, and I can still remember the sharp but forgiving feeling of the cold summer grass on the soles of my feet. I can’t imagine how I must’ve looked. She chuckled furtively and reached for my hand. We walked for what seemed like hours. Neither of us said a word.	“She stopped, and I felt her tug down on my hand. We sat down in the grass, and she took my hand and put it on her face. She was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. My other hand leapt toward her visage: one hand was not enough. She sat there and let me caress her features until I got my fill. I could have read the passage from her forehead to her eyelids forever. I touched her silky curls. ‘What color?” I asked. ‘Brown,’ she replied, simply. We lay in the grass, and I asked her to marry me. ‘Will you marry me,’ I asked. ‘What about the kids?’ she said, taken aback. ‘I’m asking all three of you,’ I replied.”	The rhythm of the story was taking my mind off things.	“We moved in together two months later, right after grad school,” he continued. “A small two bedroom in Toronto. I hit it off with you and your brother right away. Everything was perfect.	“I taught music history one of the high schools there for a few months, but it wasn’t paying enough rent.”		“Which school, dad?”	“I don’t remember.”	“Think.”	“I’m telling you, I don’t remember.”	You’re leaving out more than last time. “Go on.”	“Well, I had applied for jobs at a few schools in the states, but I didn’t expect to hear anything. Just before we were going to lose everything, I heard back from Tulane. I didn’t want to take it, but she made me. ‘Who lives in a city that’s below sea level,’ I would ask her. ‘It’s so impractical.’ I was worried about you boys. I was worried about all of us. But she knew she would love it out there. She loved the culture, the people watching. She was really at home. 	“We moved in a few weeks later. ‘We’ll die here,’ I told her. She thought I meant we’d grow old there. She thought I was being romantic.” He paused. “Where is your mother today? Did she come with you?”	You did her justice, dad. She’d be proud. Rest in peace, mom.	“Not today, dad.”	Pearl walked in, carrying a tray with what looked like some sort of chicken and rice dish with gray-green broccoli, saltine crackers, a pint of milk in those cartons we used to get in grade school, and half a pear in syrup topped with whipped cream and chocolate sauce for dessert. “Time for dinner, Mr. Gottschalk.”	“Thanks, Pearl,” he said. Then, turning his head in my direction, he smiled. “I hope I can get all this down,” he said eagerly. “I’m trying to get my strength back so I can come home with you and mom.” 	Like on cue, a burning took over my throat. It was so thick that I couldn’t swallow. “I know, dad,” I tried. My eyes welled up, and I tried my best to hide it in my voice. “I’ll leave you alone.”	“Okay, son” he said, still smiling brilliantly. The, hopefully, “When are you going to come back and see me?” 	“As soon as I can,” I replied, the last syllables eaten by the pain in my throat.	“I love you,” he beamed as Pearl placed the food on his tray table and prepared it: a straw in the milk, opening the wrapped plastic utensils and napkin. I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. I grabbed his hand and put it to my heart again, hoping it would use its last strength to reply in some comforting way. Dropping his hand, I took a step back. His fingers curled toward his palm, but his arm rested in the air a brief moment, savoring whatever nourishment my tired heart gave him. I turned and walked out.	My legs carried me down the hall obediently toward the front door. Then, as if of their own accord, they sped up, gaining momentum as they neared the front desk. I heard a voice call feebly from the desk as I passed, issuing from someone who seemed like they might try to get me to sign out before I made it off the premises. The automatic door made way for my body, by now careening for the outside air.	I got outside and quickly braced myself on the bench just in front of the door. I rested my hands on it and heaved my torso involuntarily over its back. My body had nothing left. I expected to throw up, but my stomach just knotted as my mouth sprang mechanically open. Three powerful, unproductive convulsions. I imagined cathartic vomit projecting into the untrimmed bushes. Slowly opening my eyes, I saw nothing on the ground below. I didn’t have anything left to throw up. In one motion, I spun on my heels and lay the length of the wooden bench, my feet still resting on the ground. My body moved as though it were going to try to sob, writhing painfully like I had seen my father do just minutes before. I lay motionless.	Then, without warning, I sat up lifelessly, my composure inexplicably gathered. On borrowed energy, my legs conducted me toward my car. My hands shook as I tried to fit the key in the door. They fumbled until the lock popped up mercifully. I flung open the door and collapsed inside without shutting it behind me. Forcefully, sleep came.