Chapter 12: October 26, 2005		“Hi, Moses. It’s nice to meet you. I’m Dr. Voss.”	“Hello, Dr. Voss.” If I’m going to be here, I might as well not lie to myself.	“Moses, I’ve read on your intake forms what happened to you back home. I’m sorry for that.”	“Yeah.” I shifted in my seat.	“Moses, why don’t you tell me why you’re here.”	“Because I lost my entire family in the hurricane, and that makes me feel pretty empty inside.”	He wrote something on his legal pad and then grabbed his chin with his penned hand. “What kind of relationship did you have with your family?”	“I don’t know. I was pretty close to my brother, and...”	“This was your identical twin?” he asked, lifting up the papers on his clipboard.	“Yes,” I said, annoyed at his interruption. “So there was him. My mother and I were very close. Losing her was terrible. And my father...My father and I were also pretty close.”	“I can understand why that would have been hard for you.”	“Yeah,” I said. Wow. No wonder I’m paying you so much. Nothing gets by you.	“Moses, why don’t you tell me a little bit about your childhood.”	“Sure,” I said facetiously. “I was always living in the shadow of my brother. It was clear that my mother loved him more than me.”	“Do you really think that’s true?”	“Okay, doc. She never explicitly said it. But the point is that that’s the way I felt. I have felt inferior to him since we were about five years old. It’s shaped the way I’ve lived since then.”	“Mmm hmm,” he mumbled, writing on his pad.	“I never felt good enough. My mother would always remind me of the grades he got, the works. She even bought him a car when we turned sixteen, but I never got anything. He was the more responsible, the more charismatic, the more everything. Though not more intelligent. We were equal there. It’s just that he showed it more.	“So the point is, that’s what I’m dealing with. And now they’re gone and I never had the chance to reconcile that.”	“Mmm hmm,” said Dr. Voss.	I waited. 	Nothing.	“That’s it? ‘Mmm hmm?’ Honestly, doctor, I figured you might give me a bit more to go on that that.”	He shifted in his chair and somehow avoided looking comfortable. “Why do you think I’m here, Moses?”	“I don’t know. To tell me how I should proceed. To tell me how I could possibly fix this life that I’ve fucked up so badly. Isn’t that what I’m paying you for? I mean, I could talk to anyone. I don’t need you for that. Shouldn’t you be able to tell me the best way to figure out what I have to figure out? How I should make sense of things? The capital of Norway? The fucking 34th president of the United States? Fucking anything?”	He just sat there.	“Well, doctor, why don’t you tell me why you think I’m paying you.”	“Moses, my job isn’t to give you advice. My job is to listen to you and prescribe medicine that might help you do the mental work you have to do.”	“The mental work I have to do? The fucking mental work I have to do?” My fists were getting red.	“Moses, why do you think you’re so upset?” said Dr. Voss calmly.	“What are you talking about? A storm ripped through my town and literally tore my life apart. Took two family members. My possessions. Something wholly out of my control completely ruined me.”	“That seems like it might be a theme we could work on. What does it feel like to feel out of control,” he asked, skillfully writing and talking simultaneously.	“I don’t know,” I said, sinking back into my chair. “Helpless? Pointless? Like there’s nothing I can do so I shouldn’t even try?”	Nothing.	“You know, doctor, I’d like this to be a little more of a discourse so I can leave feeling like I had an hour of a conversation rather than some pointless session with a fucking shrink.”	“Why would it be pointless?”	“I don’t know. Because I’m paying you to have some input. Or at least I think I am. If I go to...to...to a loan consolidator, for example, I pay them to give me advice as to how to get out of debt, not just listen to me talk about my woes in dealing with credit card companies.”	“Do you feel like your debt it out of control, too?”	“Jesus Christ,” I said, rubbing my eyes. “That’s not the point. The point is that I’m typically a pretty communicative person. So when I have conversations, I like to feel like I’m not just talking to a pen writing on a legal pad.”	“Okay,” he said in his unoffensive monotone. “I’ll try to talk more.”	“Thank you,” I said and sighed.	“So, Moses, why don’t you talk about some of your goals for the tenure of us working together.”	“Goals? Do you really think that emotions are concrete enough to put goals around?”	“Is there another terminology you’d like me to use?”	“No, no, I want to talk about this. Do you believe, doctor, that you can place emotions and abstract cognitive stimuli into such nice, neat compartments that they can be qualified and quantified objectively with such a trite criteria as whether or not they meet a purported goal?”	“Do you?”	“Stop answering my questions with questions!”	“Moses, I do believe that setting goals for treatment is the most efficacious way to make it successful.”	“Listen, don’t fucking use words like efficacious and not expect me not to know what they mean.”	“I didn’t use it expecting you not to know what it meant. I used it knowing very well that you’d know what it meant. You’re ostensibly so concerned with communication, so why would I use a word that I knew you wouldn’t know when I can hypothesize that that might hinder our communication?”	I said nothing, but narrowed my eyes at him.	“Moses, you seem very angry to me. Do you find that to adequately describe your feelings?”	“Angry?” I asked, my tone rising. “Angry? The fuck not. Angry is what I get when there’s a paper jam in the printer. Angry is what I get when I spill coffee on a pair of cream-colored pants. Angry is not what I fucking get when a tropical storm lands in my city and throws thousands of people from their homes. Kills my mother and my brother. Inundates the city with up to ten feet of dirty water. Maroons people in the fucking Superdome of all places while the administration commits domestic relations blunder after fucking domestic relations blunder trying to save its citizens from a poorly-built and –designed city while remaining wholly ineffectual.”	“I agree. It’s probably a lot more intense emotion than that.”	“Yes, doctor,” I said condescendingly. “There probably isn’t a fucking word that describes that emotion.”	“I concede,” he said. “But the thing I’m trying to get you to realize is that it resembles anger in its quality if not its degree.”	“You don’t think I see that? You don’t think I see that I’m pretty fucking pissed off that I got robbed from these things and there was nothing, absolutely nothing I could do?”	“I would say that’s a pretty fair emotion to be experiencing at a time like this.”	“Fair? I didn’t ask anybody about fair. As far as I’m concerned, I could feel anything I fucking wanted to about this. They’re my emotions. Who can tell me if they’re fair or not? That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”	“Moses, I recognize that you’re upset, hurt, angry, and everything else that you’re feeling. I wonder if it wouldn’t be better for you to take some time away from this situation and get ahold of your emotions enough to think about them and be able to talk about them in a constructive manner?”	“Time heals all wounds, eh, doc?” I said smugly.	“Something like that,” he responded.	“I fucking doubt it. I fucking doubt that after time, I’ll be able to understand how my whole entire life just slipped through my fingers, and of course it was an ‘Act of God’ that took it all away from me, leaving me no recourse at all. I doubt that I’ll ever feel better about the fact that the city I always wanted to leave anyway took away everything I ever had, and there was nothing I could do about it. I doubt that there will come a day when I will feel better about what happened to me and everyone else in that city. I doubt that I’ll ever come to understand how people whose lives were already so difficult could have had such horrible luck as to live where they did because they couldn’t afford anything else and, of course, they were the worst hit. So no, doctor, I don’t think time is going to do anything.”	“Let’s maybe try again next week,” Dr. Voss said, looking at his watch.	“Sure doctor, wouldn’t want to keep you from your next patient. Wouldn’t want to hold up the headshrinking assembly line. Wouldn’t want to keep you from doing that. Go right ahead and call your next patient in here and fucking psych 101 them all over the place and collect your hefty sum, doctor.”	“I think this hour is up,” he said.	“You know what? You’re an asshole,” I said, getting out of his large leather chair and walked toward the door. I called a last epithet to him before slamming the door. “Bill me, you fuck.”