Chapter 13Dear Helen,	When the waters were rising, I took the car and left Aron for dead. 	There. I just thought I would start the letter there so you’d learn what you needed to know right away and you could chose whether or not you wanted to read on. 	I want to tell you that I’m trying to understand what I did. It’s impossible for me to apologize for what I did. After all, I don’t know if there’s a good way to say, “I’m sorry I basically killed my brother and then lied to you about it so I could be with you while pretending to be him.” In the end, I can’t ask for your forgiveness. I’m just hoping you read this far to recognize the remorse I feel about it.	This isn’t L’Etranger, in which I take full responsibility for my crime, and be sentenced to jail, where I would think about it and learn the necessary moral lessons in my journey to become a better human being as a result of the whole thing. By this time, I’m sure you’d agree, I’m a pretty hopeless case. I don’t know that I’m eligible for the “moral betterment” category of life. At this point, I just have to try and survive.	If you’re interested at all, or you’ve read this far, I’m writing from Prague. And the reason that I sent you this, other than the fact that you deserve to know what happened, is that being abroad has really changed my perspective about things. 	I thought it might do me some good to be out of the country. Away from hurricanes, away from the cities where we were in love, away from my dying father who doesn’t know I’m dead and doesn’t even remember who I ostensibly am anyway. He’s just as dead as my mother, only he’s breathing.	When I told you I loved you, that was true. That’s the only thing that makes any sense in this whole debacle. I know I didn’t deserve it, but I was really happy. And if you stop and think about it for a second, you loved me, too. You were falling in love with Aron before he was taken away from you, and then when you discovered me, it was then that you decided you loved me. Though you wanted to believe that I was he, you left town with ME, you slept with ME, you took a road trip with ME, you moved in with ME, you told ME you loved me. And ultimately, it stopped being a façade after the first week at Phil’s house. I didn’t even know what role I was supposed to be playing anymore, so I let my guard down. You were in love with me, too, Helen. 	But I guess that’s beside the point. I assume that the point is that our love was never valid because of the fact that it was constructed around a lie. An incredibly elaborate, intricate, labyrinthine lie. And now I understand that recognizing that and moving on from that is all I can do with my life. Here I am in fucking Prague on Aron’s Fulbright, and I can’t say that I’m going to come up with too incredible a presentation when I return to the states. So that’s out. And I don’t know what I’ll do after that. All that seems important right now is getting through this whole catastrophe.	Eventually, I’ll begin to construct my own identity again. Maybe I’ll even move somewhere else and change my name. Put Aron to rest, and start again. Start anew, and be myself. After all, having run away to Eastern Europe is only a stopgap solution. Believe me, I’m not so deluded that I can’t see that. 	I know that my only chance at making my life worth anything is that. My mom always used to quote Shakespeare to Aron and me when we were younger. “To thine own self be true,” she said. I think it’s from one of the historical plays. I don’t remember. The importance is that I understand that that is the only way my life will ever have meaning. I understand that I am not completely doomed and that I have it in me to salvage this existence, to put it to good use. 	That’s what I’m hoping to start out here. Nobody here knew Aron. I am neither he nor Moses, I am just me. I’m starting to understand who that is. This means that I can be myself here (yes, of course, with the exception of working on Aron’s thesis, but even this I am turning into my own creation), and everyone will judge me on my own actions, completely sovereign of my ostensible identity. 	Including myself.	So yes, you can see by now that this letter is as much for you as it is for me. I’d like to believe that as much as you hate me and damn me to hell with every breath, you can draw on the love that you had for me and read this as my last words ever to you, knowing forever after that I’m on the path toward doing something useful with my life.	In the end, Moses may have been rescued. I don’t know. Maybe he vanquished the tides and made it out alive just to come track you down, in which case, sorry for trekking across the country and throwing you off there, Aron. Then I can make an apology to him as well. 	Aron, I panicked. I didn’t know what to do. And I know that’s no excuse, but it is the cause of my actions. You were being so stubborn in that house, and I didn’t know what else to do than to get in that car and try and escape. By now, I almost imagine that you did survive somehow. In that case, I’ll have law enforcement hot on my tail forever. So maybe I will sit in some sort of Dostoyevskian cell for a long time, contemplating my crime and serving my debt to society, to come out a changed man or whatever. 	But I’d argue that this indelible impression I have of the look on your face when you ran out to the garage and saw me drive away is infinitely more powerful a punishment. There you were, shin-deep in brown water, and our eyes met right before I turned and drove away, the car up nearly to its wheel wells in water. You gave me this look that was a mixture of confusion, love, heartache, hatred, and fear. 	I’m sorry I did that to you, Aron. I know that we fought a lot there toward the end, but I still love you. I can just remember you staring at me, your hands limp at your sides as the implications of the inevitable events to come came to you one by one. To sit in that car seat where you should have been and watch you wonder how you were going to survive that storm was more of a punishment than any incarceration could ever be. 	I know now that no matter where I escape to in the world, I will always remember that look, and it manifests itself in more ways than just me thinking about it. I see someone that I could swear was you at least twice a week. There I’ll be, trying to figure out the ingredients of some can of something in the grocery store, when I’ll look up and see your profile. My heart races, and I think, “I’m caught. It ends here. No punishment is too harsh. I’m going to pay for what I did.” Then the man walks right past me, no sign at all of recognition in his eyes. Sometimes he actually did look like you, and sometimes he didn’t even have the same color hair. But I see you everywhere.	I think that you made it to the Superdome, because I saw an overhead shot of a crowd in there at one point, and I’m almost certain that the person I saw was you and not some supermarket hallucination. From there, I assumed that you died because of the conditions there, but sometimes I’m out here walking down the streets of Prague in the rain, and I’m sure you got out. I’m sure that you stood on our roof until a helicopter came and got you, and after that, you swore to yourself that no matter what happened, you wouldn’t die in a way in any way related to that hurricane. Other times, I’m sure that it wasn’t you in the Superdome and that you starved to death or died of heat stroke because you couldn’t live on our roof for long enough to be rescued. Sometimes I even imagine that some people came in scavenging for food or supplies and you got in a tangle with them and got stabbed and bled to death on the coffee table in the family room. And sometimes, like I told Helen, I think you got out unscathed and made it your business to find her and reunite with her, and take your life back into your own hands. Even though the latter would be the worst for me, sometimes I wish that’s what happened. Because ultimately you two deserve each other. 	You deserve not to have been fucked over be me, and you deserve not to die a prisoner to circumstance. You deserve to come away from having lost a few vital weeks of your life due to a situation beyond your control instilled with a newfound sense of your own mortality, sure only that all we have in this life is the people we love. You deserve to come away from the disaster with that realization and an unadulterated zeal in your search for your long lost love. 	That’s the way I’d like for this story to end.	Helen, I know it’s perverted and fucked up, but I love you. And Aron, if you’re alive and reading this, I know that I don’t deserve to say this to you now, but I love you, too. I recognize the abhorrent act I committed, and I wish the two of you the happiest possible lives separately or together. However it happens, I hope that you two are once again placed in charge of your fates, and that you are able to conduct your lives as yourselves. 	Whatever that means.		Sincerely, 	Moses Gottschalk