Chapter 4: August 25, 2005		Johann Wetterman stood an intimidating six foot four. He was long and lanky, but looked stable. His medium-length black beard and round glasses made him resemble a cross between a young, modern Freud and Nietzsche as a humorist. One of the nobler fellows I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting.	He threw his head back in a full belly laugh. Beer foam coated his mustache. “That’s dead on,” he exclaimed heartily. 	“I swear to God,” Aron said, choking back laughter. “That’s how she sounds.” Then, in his most nasal and monotone voice: “‘I was trained by the Jesuits in the rigors of logic,’” he quoted, pushing up an imaginary pair of glasses at the bridge of his nose. 	By this point, Johann was banging his gargantuan fist on the table, doubled over in laughter. This got me to chuckle a little bit, and the three of us grabbed our glasses and threw back the last of their contents.	Johann sighed, finally catching his breath. “I love the first week of classes. It’s nice that none of us has class tomorrow. Last semester I had Soil Resources on Friday mornings at nine. It was a killer.”	“Oooh, that sounds like an interesting one,” Aron chided. 	“Actually,” barked Johann quickly, “it was. Just a shitty time.”	“Point taken,” said Aron calmly, eyeing the bottom of his glass. “Your turn, isn’t it, little brother?”	“Fuck you,” I said defiantly. “I just bought this round.” 	“Yeah, but I bought both rounds last week.”	“No you didn’t,” I said in disbelief. I couldn’t believe he would try to convince me of that.	“Gentlemen, allow me,” Johann said, unshaken. “It makes me feel good to support the Ol’ Golden Calf.” 	“Do as you will, sir,” Aron said, trying to imitate Shakespearean diction. “For it seems as though the sharer of our genetic threads refuses to share, in turn, his share of the bill.”	“Fuck off,” I said, folding my arms. “You don’t even sound English.”	“Did you boys fight this much in the womb,” Johann snorted.	“We wouldn’t have if our gamete hadn’t split. I was fine on my own,” Aron said, still trying to cash in on the high-brow humor. I wasn’t biting.	“I didn’t choose it,” I remarked as Johann sauntered off to the bar.	Our heads followed him. Aron quickly jerked his back. “Listen,” he said. “I was just joking.” He stuck out his hand.	I took it and shook. “Fine,” I said. “But you know I hate it when you call me little brother. I’m like five minutes younger than you. And most of that was just chance. It’s so ridiculous of you to say.”	“Okay,” Aron sighed. “I don’t know why you take it so hard, but okay.” 	“I take it so hard,” I retorted, “because that’s been the story of our entire childhood.”	“What are you talking about?”	“‘Moses, what happened to your grades this term? Aron seemed to have pulled straight A’s.’ ‘Moses, clean your room. You can look at Aron’s for inspiration.’”	“That’s bullshit.”	“It’s not.”	“I never heard any of that.”	“You didn’t hear any of that because it wasn’t directed at you. I’m sick of everyone always doting over you. I never got any of that.”	“Moses, your priorities have always been different than mine.”	“I know. That’s exactly why they can’t hold me to your example. It’s incomparable.”	Aron turned from calm to antagonistic. “I can’t be held responsible for that.”	“You can stop perpetuating it. It’s infantile.” 	“I don’t understand you,” Aron said, shaking his head. Johann sat the three glasses effortlessly on the table.	“You know,” he said, turning his head between the two of us, “I’ve been your best friend for six months now. This bickering is getting really old. You may look exactly the same, but you’re two individuals. You have to stop comparing apples to oranges. You have two different sets of goals, wants, needs, desires, ambitions. I think that if you start to notice that, a lot of the acrimony that exists between you will disappear.”	“Well said,” Aron said, lifting his glass. Johann and I both lifted our glasses, and the trio clinked raucously. The three of us laughed and took a large first drink.	“But really. You guys do look exactly the same. I’ve seen identical twins that look similar before, but there’s always something different. The curvature of the nose, the spacing or shade of the eyes. If you didn’t have two different haircuts, I’d be in for a world of pain.”	“The only difference,” I said good humoredly, “is that I’m ravishingly handsome.”	“I’ll let that one go just this once,” Aron said. 	“Why the gesture of generosity all of a sudden,” I asked.	“Because I’m in a great mood,” Aron replied insinuatively.	“Yeah, that’s right,” Johhann said grasping his forearm. “You’ve got to tell me about her.”	“She’s amazing,” Aron said. “I think I’m in love.”	“What?!” Johann exclaimed, taken aback.	“I know, I know. It’s super early. But she really is remarkable. Intelligent, caring, kind, beautiful. She really listens to me. It’s completely new and exciting.”	“God, she sounds really great. I can’t wait to meet her.”	“I know. I hope you get a chance. Even Moses likes her.”	“She’s really nice,” I offered.	“Oh, come on,” Aron said, exaggerating his surprise.	“No, she is. There’s something about her that is hard for me to swallow.”	“She’s great! What are you talking about,” Aron said, showing warning signs of taking offense.	“No, no, she really is,” I said, backpedaling. “I think that’s just what it is. She’s so nice it’s...disarming.”	“Well, hardly a bad thing, I’m sure you’d agree,” said Johann objectively. 	“No, you’re right. She is great,” I concluded. “And you’re right. She does listen to you,” I said, turning to Aron. “I think that’s probably also what it is. She’s so transfixed by you, it’s almost disquieting. Honestly, I guess I’m a bit jealous.”	“Completely natural,” Johann said decidedly. “Something comes between two twin brothers who, despite their differences, are incredibly close...it’s difficult. Especially when that something is of the female species.”	“That’s where I disagree,” said Aron. “She’s a completely different species.”	“God, you’re really into her,” I said, surprised.	“That’s why I don’t understand why you don’t like her,” he said, somewhat hurt.	“I do like her,” I admitted. “Johann’s right. Of course I’m going to be jealous of the object of my brother’s affection.” I paused. “I do like her,” I repeated, half to myself. “A lot.”	“Good,” said Aron. “Because I’ve always wanted my wife and my brother to have a relationship on their own, without me.”	I choked on my beer. “What?!” I exclaimed, stunned, between coughs. Johann just raised his eyebrows in silence.	“No, I’m just saying that in the case that I ever get married, I would like my brother to have a relationship with my wife. I would want them to be friends. They’re family. So I would like for my brother to be friends with the girl I’m dating.” 	“Do you...do you think this is the one,” I said earnestly, sobering up.	“You never know. I’m just saying. Family is important to me. I’d like you to make an effort at your relationship with her.”	I contemplated this. “I’ll do what I can,” I shrugged, wary of committing myself to anything.	“So, hey,” Johann said, breaking the awkward silence. “What are your schedules like so far, you two?”	“I’m going Monday through Thursday,” Aron replied. “I’m taking my International Relations colloquium; Europe and the World Wars; Communism, Socialism, and the Rise of the Soviet Empire; Symbolic Logic; and Russian 4.”	“Ooh,” Johann said pensively. “That communism and socialism class sounds really interesting.”	“Doesn’t it?” said Aron excitedly.	“Sounds like I regular fucking snore to me,” I countered.	“I know. You were never into politics,” Aron sighed.	“Nope,” I said, folding my arms.	“So what are you taking?” Johann asked skeptically.	“I have Sociolinguistics, Napoleonic France and Colonialism, The Bible As Literature, The Art of Public Speaking, and Music History Since 1900.”	“Public Speaking?” Johann said, confused.	“Yeah, I feel like it’s something I could work on,” I responded, slightly embarrassed. “What are you taking?”	“Case Studies in Environmental Science, Weather and Climate, Oceanography, and Host-Parasite Systems.”	“You fucking nerd,” I said jokingly.	“I’ll take that as a compliment,” he retaliated, raising his glass.	“I’ll drink to that,” Aron said. We all clinked our glasses together again and took another drink.	“Listen guys,” Johann said, looking at his watch. “It’s getting late, and I’ve got some Weather and Climate reading to do.”	“Oh, come on,” Aron begged. “One more drink.”	“No, I’m cut off,” Johann replied responsibly. “But are we still on for lunch tomorrow at Arlene’s?”	“Always,” Aron and I said in unison. 	“Great,” he said. “I’ll see you guys there at noon. That’ll give you some time to sleep off the sauce.” Then, pointing first at one of us, then the other: “Are you guys okay to drive?” 	“Yeah, we’re both fine. We’ve only had two beers.”	“Please wait for at least a half hour before you go out there.”	“Johann, we’re fine,” said Aron imploringly. 	“I know you guys are, but not everybody is.”	“Thanks, Johann,” I said, smiling.	He nodded, then turned around and headed for the door through the patrons that were crowding the bar. We both watched him as his slender form weaved in and out of drunkards.	“What a guy,” Aron concluded. I nodded my head in agreement.	“Listen,” I said after a time. “I’m sorry about everything tonight. I want to stop fighting. This is childish.”	“I know,” he said. “I know we’re stressed out with school starting and all, but we have to be more supportive of each other.”	“I love you,” I said, putting my hand on his shoulder.	“I love you, too.”	We both sat silently staring at our empty glasses for a minute. This wasn’t something we said frequently, but we certainly felt. Our outward conduct wasn’t always reflective of this, but we knew that our bond was incredibly strong. I felt bad that my first instinct was always to jump on whatever he said and make some sort of sarcastic remark. Of course there’s a bit of natural competitive instinct between brothers. That’s some sort of unwritten law. 	But the competition takes on a new form with identical twins. Everything you do, it’s like you’re competing with a well-matched version of yourself. There’s not the uneven age-based hierarchy that there is in most families. Both children come out able bodied and vying for everything that they experience together. Their mother’s finite love. The respect of their peers. School. Accolades. Women. Friends. Money. Jobs. Houses. Everything.	It made me sick to think of it like this. Do we really compete for women? Like they’re objects to be won? It left an unsavory taste in my mouth, and I looked across the table at my brother as I ran the body of my tongue against the roof of my mouth; a sour expression took over my face.	But I kept thinking about it. Are we ever above our biology? To a certain degree, our whole way of live as humans is just a more advanced version of what it has been since the beginning of our evolution. Our sentience never won us anything. All of our progress, all of our wars, all of our love, our deaths, our relationships, our happiness, our regret: it’s all biological. 	Look at the way I looked at Helen. My brother and I have always had a Darwinian tint to our love, and in spite of that, I still feel the need to compete with others for his attention. Of course I was threatened by this new woman in his life. I shot her dirty looks and was rude to her, trying to convince myself that there was something I didn’t like about her. But she’s one of the sweetest people I’ve ever met. The only rational explanation for the entirety of human behavior, I concluded, can be found in a biology textbook. We’re trying to make sure that we, and our own, survive.	I felt ill.	“Do you want to take off?” I asked him.	“Sure,” he said, looking somewhat depressed himself. I wondered what had been thinking about during that silent interval between us.	We opened the door and were immediately struck by the wet air. I felt hot in my t-shirt. I hate this city. This humidity is disgusting. 	We swung open the doors to his car and looked at each other as we shut the doors. We both knew what the other had to say about the oppressive heat without saying anything. It seemed to ridiculous for it to be so hot at night. Rolling the windows down, we headed home.	We were silent on the ride home. When we got back to the house, our armistice vanished. I ran upstairs to my room, and Aron, always hungry after a good night drinking, sauntered off toward the kitchen. “Come on,” he shouted up after me. “I thought I asked you to do the dishes.” 	“Whatever,” I called back down. “I cleaned the bathroom.”	“That’s great, but I did the dishes last time.”	“You’re such a fucking baby,” I answered.	“Why do you have to be such a child about the chores?” he said, trying to take the moral high ground.	“If you treat me like one, I’ll act like one.” 	He made no verbal response, but I heard him slam the refrigerator. Storming up the stairs, he made his displeasure known with each step. I rolled my eyes and jumped in bed, pulling just the top sheet over myself. I lay still for a few quiet moments, then got up and switched the swamp cooler on. 	I stood in front of the cool air, breathing deeply. I couldn’t shake how upset I felt. I couldn’t really place what it was that angered me so much; I never felt such great insight into my own feelings. All I knew was that I was bound to explode when I was made to feel inferior to my brother. By him or by anyone. I had always resented it, but I felt it acutely tonight, feeling as though I had reached a certain breaking point. I bent over lower to place my face directly in the path of the cool air. I tried to take it deep into my lungs, but every breath felt warm and damp. Giving up, I crawled back into bed, this time leaving the sheet off. I lay awake for more than two hours before falling asleep. I couldn’t turn my brain off.	I woke up the next morning with the resolve that I was going to make breakfast for Aron. Something modest. Not a big production. But I wanted to make some sort of peace offering. I opened the door to the sound of a faint clanking and rustling of newspaper: he was already eating. I paused for a moment in the doorway. I suppose I could at least do the dishes. I threw a shirt and some jeans on and went downstairs.	To my dismay, I found Aron silently eating. I looked around the kitchen. The dishes had already been done. The sink was empty. Countertops cleared. Everything scrubbed.	“’Morning,” I said, testing the waters.	No response.	I sighed. “I actually came downstairs either to make you breakfast or to do the dishes.”	Nothing.	“Or both.”	Nothing.	I opened the cupboard and pulled down the cereal. Yes. Fruity Pebbles are amazing.	“It’s fine,” he said after a time, passive-aggressively.	“Can’t you see I meant to apologize?” I offered, taking care not to raise my voice.	“You don’t have to. But don’t you get sick of this incessant fighting?”	“I really do.”	“I was thinking about it. What if you moved out?” It was a blow to my stomach. I furrowed my brow. My throat stung.	“I mean, you could move in with mom for a little bit. I don’t know. Just until you find something.”	“She can’t have anyone live with her. What do you want me to do?”	“I don’t know. But I just think this is unnecessarily straining for our lives. I can’t take the stress. I’m sick of arguing.”	“You sound like you’re breaking up with me,” I said, disgusted and unsure of what communicative strategy to take. I felt attacked.	“Whatever. We can talk about it later. Just think about it.”	I thought for a minute. I didn’t want to go here, but there was nothing else. “Is this so Helen can move in with you?”	“Partly...”	“God damn it. I knew that girl was bad news.”	“What? This doesn’t have anything to do with her. I have been feeling this way since before school started.”	I brought my bowl of cereal and sat down with it. Staring into it, it felt trivial and childish. I can’t even eat grown up cereal. Sulking, I took a bite and put my forehead into the cradle that my thumb made with my palm. Aron, visibly done with this part of the conversation closed the paper, walked over to sink, rinsed out his bowl, and walked out. “Be ready by quarter to twelve,” he said as he left the kitchen. “I hate being late.”	I depressively finished the rest of my bowl. After drinking the milk, I placed it in the sink and started toward my room. I got three steps across the kitchen and stopped. I spun on my heels and paced back to the sink. Turning on the water, I watched it fill the bowl to the brim. I shut the water off and stared at the three or four multicolored flakes that floated in the colloidal water. Then I climbed back up the steps and toward my room. 	I jumped back in bed and looked at my room. I looked around. Maybe I am a child. I looked at my posters: Built to Spill, Joan of Arc, a flyer for Devendra Banhart at One Eyed Jack’s. That was before he got big. 	Yeah, I have posters on my wall instead of fine art. What do you want? I’m in college. I feel like I’m doing what I’m supposed to. 	I defiantly walked over to my desk and looked through my textbooks. The King James Version of The Bible stared back at me. I hesitated to pick it up. Christianity and I always had a precarious relationship. I wasn’t like a lot of my radically liberal friends in that I didn’t hate organized religion. I grabbed the book and hopped onto my bed with it.	As literature, this book actually has a lot of great scenes in it. I admire the faith. I admire the faith and wish I had it. How you can believe in something and be told by objective scientists that it’s not true is amazing. In the end, you all have something to live for.	I sat and read random excerpts. Psalms, II Corinthians, Genesis. I skipped around. This is going to be quite a class.	“You ready?” Aron called from the landing.	“Yeah, let me just throw some shoes on.”	I ran down the stairs and out the door after him. 	When we got in the car, he seemed to be in a good mood. He sang a few songs on the way, and I joined in. We looked at each other as we sang “Hand in Glove,” looking at each other during all the incredibly sappy parts. Morrissey, you sad, sad bastard. He didn’t seem to have anything else to say about our fight that morning, so I left it alone, too.	The heat was again overwhelming. We couldn’t decide whether to turn on the air conditioning or roll down the windows. Both seemed ineffectual. “This is getting old,” Aron said. “I wish it would rain or something.”	“Yeah,” I agreed lethargically. “That would be nice.”	We pulled up to the restaurant just before noon. I was glad to see that we had made it on time. Aron hated being late, and I feared that tardiness on our part was likely to make him flare up again. I was enjoying the peace between us, and I wanted it to stay that way.	“Ah, Arlene’s,” said Aron, taking off his seatbelt and looking through the windshield at the colorful awning that adorned the entryway of the popular hole-in-the-wall eatery. Approaching the door, we saw Johann’s back through the window; he was waiting for us on the bench inside. His trademark corduroy sport jacket and stylishly unkempt hair would give him away anywhere.	We walked in, and the dulcet bell over the door caught Johann’s attention. He stood up to greet us. We held out our hands, but he walked right into us and gave us each a hug: first one, then the other. “It’s great to see you guys,” he said genuinely.	Johann is one of those people you are always amazed to be friends with. The awe of his friendship never wears off. Like you would with a precious and attractive new significant other, you do everything you can to keep in Johann’s good graces. The irony of it, though, is that it’s so easy to do. You gather through conversations with him and his general outlook on life is that all he asks of you is that elusive and ever-so-difficult request that anyone should ask of you: that you be yourself. It sounds cliché, but I actually know very few people that ask that of me or of others. It’s always about being yourself, only a little bit cooler. A little bit smarter. More attractive. Harder working. More artistic. Ambitious. Stylish. Better dressed. A better haircut. In the end, all Johann ever asked was that he always be confronted with your true self. And we loved him for it.	“You, too, Johann,” we said almost simultaneously.	“You guys hungry?” he asked, rubbing his stomach. “I sure am.”	“We kind of just ate,” said Aron. “But I could eat again. Especially Arlene’s.”	“Great.”	An attractive, bohemian-looking waitress approached the three of us. “Three for lunch,” she said simply, yet exuding confidence. Must be some sort of artist.	“Please,” Johann said, still smiling. What a guy.	She led us over to a nice booth in the corner and came back to give us some waters and silverware. Johann didn’t even look at the menu.	“The usual,” I said, tickled.	“Always. You know, I like trying new things, but I can’t stand getting burned anymore. I’ll stick with what I know works.”	“The grilled cheese with tomatoes looks good,” Aron said.	I couldn’t decide. Shortly the waitress came back to take our orders. “I don’t know what I want. You guys go first,” I said anxiously.	“I’ll have the burrito with no onions, please,” said Johann politely.	“I’d like the grilled cheese with tomato,” said Aron.	I always hate this part. I think I can decide in a few seconds, but I’m really entertaining three or four choices. I hate feeling pressured. I would almost rather not come. This always happens to me and...	“Um, I’ll take the chicken salad,” I said.	God damn it. I should’ve said something else. What’s the point of eating out if I don’t get what I want? I’ll waive her down when she comes back by and tell her I changed my mind and I want the avocado and sprout sandwich. Great.	I took a sip of my water.	Shit. I don’t want to be that guy. Okay. Just eat the goddamn chicken salad and like it. It’s not a big deal. It’s not like it’s the last time you’re ever going to eat here. We eat here all the time. Just don’t do this to yourself next time...	Johann sat in the corner with his back to the wall. We knew from experience never to sit on that side; I have trouble concentrating on our conversations when I can see the TV. The scrolling headlines underneath titles and a talking journalist. It’s enough to make you go insane.	“How did your reading go last night?” I asked Johann. 	“It was great,” he replied. Looking at me. I noticed his eyes wavering slightly. “I really enjoy that book. It’s one of those books that I’m reading for a class, but if I had been introduced to it and started it, I’d continue it for pleasure.” He muttered a few words and trailed off. He couldn’t maintain eye contact with me. I spun my head around to see if there was someone we knew just coming into the restaurant. When I looked back at him, he wasn’t looking at either of us. He was transfixed on the television.	“You okay, Johann? It’s not like you to watch the TV.”	“You guys know that tropical storm they were talking about on the news on Wednesday? Tropical Storm Katrina?”	“Yeah, not at all,” said Aron.	“I don’t really follow that stuff,” I said.	“Well, it was officially named a tropical storm on Wednesday. It was coming right for us. Then the warnings from the National Weather Service stopped because it was heading back toward Florida. It just hit them, and it’s coming back this way.” Johann looked nervous in a way I’d never seen him. It made my heart race. Nothing usually breaks his calm. He raised his arm mechanically. The waitress came over.	“Can I actually get that burrito to go?” he asked. He seemed visibly shaken. 	“What are you doing?” I asked.	“They’re telling us to evacuate. They’re predicting that it’ll make landfall on Monday.”	“So you’re going home? We’ve got plenty of time. Just sit here and eat with us,” Aron said calmly. 	“Fuck that, man.” Johann snapped back. “I’m getting out of here.”	“Johann Wetterman,” I said. “The eternal optimist.”	“Listen, you guys. The roads are going to be fucked. I’m getting out of this town.”	“I just ordered,” Aron said coolly. “I’m not going anywhere.”	“Yeah. Come on, Johann.”	“No way,” he said agitatedly. The waitress came back. “Thanks,” he said, taking the burrito. He turned to us gravely. “Listen, I hope you guys will reconsider. This looks like it’s going to be really bad. Please call me later.” Then, without another word, he spun around and walked quickly out.	Aron and I turned to each other, then around the restaurant. A couple other people had gotten up, but it was hard to tell whether they were evacuating or had just finished lunch. “I don’t know about you,” Aron said, “but I’m not going to let this ruin my lunch. Let’s talk about it on the way home.” I agreed.	We tried to be calm, but we conducted lunch in silence. I didn’t get up and sit on the other side of the booth because I didn’t want to deal with the TV, and Aron didn’t seem to mind us sitting on the same side. I suspect it was for the same reason.	We paid our bill. Better tip thirty percent. Just in case.	Even in the car we drove in silence. We were half way home before Aron broke the silence. “What do you think?” he asked.	“I don’t know,” I said. “I know what dad would say.” 	“Yeah. He never evacuated. Remember Hurricane Andrew?”	“What was that, ninety-three?”	“Ninety-two. Mom tried to get dad to evacuate, and he wouldn’t. It was scary, but it wasn’t too bad. No real damage to our place.”	“Either way,” Aron said, becoming enraged, “I’m sick of living somewhere where this is a threat every summer. I’m staying. You can do whatever you want.”	“I’ll stay with you,” I said. But I think we should pack a couple of bags and leave them in the car with some of our spare gas containers just in case.”	“Okay,” he agreed. 	We got home and went wordlessly up to our rooms and began to pack. Aron was stoic and hard to read as ever. I was honestly scared. I didn’t see the TV. I don’t know how bad it’s supposed to be. Even if we try to leave, Johann’s right. The roads are going to be nuts. We’ll be fine.	My hands shook a little as I put a couple of pairs of jeans and some t-shirts into my duffel bag. I grabbed my hands and locked them together. Stop shaking. It’s fine. I also thought to pack a flashlight and batteries. Emergency stuff. Then I threw the bag under my bed and laid down. 	I really didn’t feel like dealing with crazy highway traffic. It’s just going to stress me out more. And there was a false alarm Wednesday. It just hit Florida. It’ll probably just blow over. This city wasn’t built before hurricanes existed. I’m sure the levee systems they’ve put in place are fine. They’ve worked this long, right? 	My throat dried out, so I went downstairs for a soda or some water. I wasn’t sure what we had on hand. I walked into the kitchen and saw Aron sitting at the table next to the phone, fist under his chin, à la The Thinker. 	“You okay?”	“I called Helen. She was already on her way out of town. She left about an hour after the news, and she said traffic’s a mess.”	“Do you want to go?”	“Could we even if we wanted to?”	“I guess not. Let’s not worry about it.”	“Okay. I checked our emergency list that mom made up for us. We’re all set on batteries and everything. Our flashlights work.”	“How are we on food?”	“I was going to go shopping on Sunday, but I’ll pick up a few things later today.”	This satisfied me. I picked up a Mountain Dew from the fridge and walked back to my room. Lunch made me tired. I fell asleep.	I came to to the sound of Aron shutting the door. I came down to meet him in the kitchen.	“What did you get?” I asked. He turned around.	“The place was a madhouse. They’re out of almost everything. I just got a lot of rice and cans of beans.”	“That should be fine. Although if we lose power or gas, we won’t be able to cook the rice,” I said trying not to sound overly critical.	“Well, you weren’t there. It was nuts. I just got the first couple things I could think of,” he said, agitation rising in his voice. “We’ll make it tonight so we have plenty. It’ll keep for days.”	“If need be,” I said, reminding us both.	I shivered a little and went back up to my room. I read a few more random chapters from The Bible: John 5:32, Leviticus 11:11, Matthew 12:17, Thesselonians 13:32. 	The forecasts the next morning were not looking positive. They were still predicting Katrina to B-line it straight threw the city and up through Mississippi. She was just sitting in the Gulf, picking up speed and water and biding her time. That bitch.	The entire next day, tensions were high between Aron and me. There was quite an elephant in the room. Namely, that we probably should have left. But we didn’t. And we had to take responsibility for that now.	More news reports. The levees. The storm. Road conditions. The Coast Guard. Interviews. They were building this storm up to be quite a mess. Let’s see what you got.	Aron and I were effectively holed up in the house for the entire weekend, bracing ourselves for the inevitable. 	We both went to bed on Sunday night, tense and wordless. 