Chapter 3: Friday, September 9, 2005	One of my first classes at Tulane was a philosophy class. Since our dad taught there, we got reduced tuition, so I figured I could take whatever I wanted to without really worrying about it leading toward a lucrative degree.	While I found some of the texts a bit obtuse, we read one volume that has stayed with me since: Plato’s Republic. In book II, Plato makes a “thought experiment” about King Gyges of Lydia, who finds a magic ring that confers the power of invisibility. Plato outlines the argument that anyone who finds such a ring, regardless of their moral outlook prior to obtaining it, would commit whatever crimes and use any means necessary to attain what they want. Plato disagreed, stating that it is more logical to be just: a reasonable man would discover that crime made him unhappy.	This city is full of unreasonable men.	Looting is everywhere. Today I turned on the TV and saw people firing out the window at rescue helicopters. It’s a melee. A fucking disaster.	“We have reports of several rapes and thefts at the Superdome,” squawked a news reporter. The TV montages were impossible to watch. People floating in boats waving their arms, marooned in their own city. Highway interchanges flooded up to the bottom of the overhead exit signs. Even Noah would’ve been fucked.	It was impossible to know where to start. I never had any emotional attachment to this city anyway, I said to myself. Now, as one of the survivors, I’m charged, in a way, with helping to rebuild it. 	“We’re just trying to alleviate the immense suffering out here,” said a man being interviewed on the TV, stepping aside to allow the camera to focus on the destruction that lay behind him. “We came over from Texas, and we’re just down here doing everything we can. I brought the family truck, and my brother here, who works as an arborist brought his flat bed truck to haul things away. We’re just going to work here for a week or two and see what we can do.”	“Thank you sir. There you have it, Susan. The Good Samaritans are out in full force, doing everything they can. Back to you in the studio.”	“Thank you, Diane. I understand we now have Abaddon Jordan with another one of the locals.”	“Thank you, Susan. I’m here with local Stephen White of the Louisiana Baptist Community. Mr. White, I see you’ve got quite an entourage with you here.”	“Sure do, Abaddon. We’re here with our church group from Iowa volunteering.”	“Wow. That’s quite a long drive.”	“Sure is, Abaddon. About fifteen hours. We headed down just after we heard that they were in need of volunteers. We had a good mass on Wednesday night, and we headed down here right afterwards. We’ll be here as long as they need us.”	“That’s quite something, Mr. White. Thanks for your time. Well, Susan. It looks like this disaster brings out the best in some of us.”	“Thank you. Abaddon Jordan, on location...”	“In some of us,” I repeated, my eyes fixed on the television. I could tell they had glazed over. I grabbed the remote and shut it off, deciding a shower would do me some good. I threw the remote in the door next to Gideon’s Bible and walked toward the bathroom.	Drawing open the shower curtain, I turned the water on as hot as it would go. I grabbed one of the neatly wrapped bar soaps from the sink and looked at it and then myself as the steam from the shower fogged the mirror and obscured my face. Hanging my head, I hopped in the shower.	The filth would not come off of me. I washed myself in the scalding water, wanting to cleanse myself of the iniquities of others. I just couldn’t imagine that everything I was watching came from where I used to live. Rapes in the Superdome? Looting? I couldn’t fathom what this disaster had brought out in these people. Then I remember one interview I saw briefly with Reverend Jesse Jackson, condemning the administration for their handling of the catastrophe. “It’s no coincidence,” he said, voice regal, arms gesturing, “that the majority of the people you’re seeing in the Superdome are African American. These people are being neglected by FIMA. These people are being neglected by the administration. These people are being neglected by their fellow man.” Though it was unthinkable, I could see that these trapped people were trying to draw attention to their plight any way they could. And though it was vile and disgusting how they went about it, I concluded that someone can only be so disenfranchised before they allow their animal nature to win out over rationality.	Turning around, I let the water flow against my back, and I arched my neck backwards, wetting my hair. My skin was everywhere pink, but had stopped objecting to the blistering water. Images, thousands of images, would not leave me alone. I could not turn my brain off. Babies, the elderly, everyone suffering. People walking on the highways carting each other in grocery carts. Shots of people in the Convention Center that had been locked in by governmental authorities. Floating bodies in water that revealed only the roof of cars. People standing on their roofs, desperate. Arial shots of the city that make it look like a dense swampland. People wading in waist-deep waters, carrying tiny babies. Lines of thousands upon thousands of people waiting for far too few evacuation busses. Men with makeshift oars paddling themselves down what was presumably a residential street. Overhead shots of women twirling shirts over their heads, pointing to large, spraypained letters: THE WATER IS RISING. PLEASE HELP. It was a goddamn warzone.	I slowly turned the water off and stood there, dripping. Drawing back the curtain, I stepped out onto the linoleum floor and stood in front of the fogged-over mirror. One quick wipe with my hand revealed a visage I didn’t even recognize. I leaned toward it, then back. Showed my teeth. Pushed my eyebrows up. Puffed my cheeks out. Stuck my tongue out. Crossed my eyes. Pulled out my ears. It still looked foreign. By that time, my image had fogged over again. And again I wiped it clean, my hand tracing exactly its former path. Still, I looked alien. This time, I just stared. 	Taking my time, I brushed my teeth. Flossed meticulously. Cleaned my ears out with Q-Tips. Mouthwash. Shaved. Clipped my fingernails. Combed my hair. I walked into the bedroom and, sitting on the tightly made bed I hadn’t slept in, I slowly pulled on my clothes: a t-shirt I wasn’t very fond of, a pair of jeans that didn’t fit the way I would’ve liked. I wondered how they’d found their way into the bag of clothes I’d hauled into the room last night. Then, slowly: sock, sock, shoe, shoe. I stood up, facing the mirror over the desk. The room was reflected honestly before me. I recognized the back of the TV, the conservative brass lamp, the top of the wicker and metal desk chair, the faux wood desk, the beds, and the horrible painting of a stylized pair of large stones sitting atop some sort of mountain, shrouded by ominous clouds. The figure in the middle of the pane of glass, however, was the most suspect. I started at him and he at me. I saw in his eyes that he recognized me as little as I did him. Deciding simultaneously we had had enough, we both turned toward our respective doors and exited the room.	I stepped out to the mezzanine that overlooked the parking lot, and for a second didn’t recognize my car. I thought it odd, since from the third floor, I could see all six cars in the lot. A midsize blue SUV, a GMC Pinto, a red Mazda pickup, a gold Dodge Caravan, a black Trans-Am, and a white Toyota Corolla. Ah yes, the Corolla. 	Descending the steps sedately, I looked at the chipped and peeling yellow metal railing that accompanied me down the concrete steps. At the bottom of the stairs, I walked through a canopy of palm trees and out into the parking lot toward the car. I was very deliberate about all of my actions. Adjusting the angle of the seat, the rearview mirror, my seatbelt. Yes, my seatbelt. I’ve survived for this long. Pity if I gave it up now.	Revving the engine, I looked at myself in the rearview mirror. My eyes met my eyes met my eyes met my eyes. Nothing looked familiar anymore. I pulled out of the parking lot and onto the street, unsure of where I was going. I knew that I’d know when I found it.	Driving toward town, I found several opportunities to stop. Husbands and wives clearing out trees. Groups of virile men tearing through wreckage looking for bodies. I had to keep driving. God help them. Let them find one alive. Please.	A few more blocks away, there were groups of teenagers piling debris from a house into a large van. This looks as good an opportunity as any. I got out and looked for someone who looked like they might be in charge. No one. Everyone was just frantically working, trying to make headway. I sat there with my arms crossed in dismay, trying to figure out where to start. Walking toward the nearest boy, I bit my lip and tried to bring out any bit of good humor these bones would allow. “Hey there,” I said. “Need a hand?” I tried to sound ironic. The kid stood upright and looked at me dead in the eye for a second. I could tell he was trying to do the same. 	“Yeah, we’ve just got a little cleaning up to do,” he offered, following it with a shrug of his shoulders intended to look like half of a chortle.	I appreciate the effort. Especially at a time like this. 	He threw me a pair of mismatched and tattered leather gloves. It would do.	Rather than try to figure out where to start, I just picked up some large pieces of drywall and hauled them of to the truck. I went back to the same place. Another handful. Again I took it back up to the truck, which looked like it was only half full. A house this size can fit into a truck this size. 	We were all silent. We could save some of this. I walked toward what looked like it could have been a kitchen. A kitchen were a couple in love might have helped each other make their anniversary dinner one night. He’d kiss her on the neck from behind. “Potatoes ready?” he’d say. “I don’t know. See what you think” She’d fork one, tender, and pull it up to over her shoulder. “Mmmmm. You’re the queen.” She’d turn around, and they’d just stare at each other. Then, rather than kiss, they would just hug like two long lost friends reunited after years of looking for each other.	Where are you now?	A fork, pieces of a plate, an old teakettle with stale water inside. I couldn’t surmise whether the water was from the storm or from a night that she came home late from work, tired and upset and he had put her favorite rooibos tea on to comfort her. Into the truck.	Pots and pans. A chopstick. Into the truck.	A cracked pasta strainer. A dented toaster. Into the truck.	The grate from the top of their gas stove. Into the truck.	The oven rack on which could have sat her birthday cake. He would have worked on it all day, scouring the town for truffles to top it with. She would have come home, of course she would have had to work late that day, and he would’ve surprised her. She’d open the door, exhausted. The lights would be off, and for that split second, the panic would set her in and make her sick. No baby crying. No husband blaring his  Charlie Parker records and drinking his bottled beer. Something must be wrong. And then. Then a glow from around the corner. He’d already begun singing and she didn’t hear it. “Happy birthday to you,” he’d end, angling the cake toward her for greater effect and facilitated ease of candle extinguishing. Joy would wipe her panic away, and she’d wish to grow old with him in that house. 	Into the truck.	Then a cracked picture frame. The picture inside was rippled. But intact. They looked like I might have imagined. He a tall black man with pure white teeth, mustache, arms capable of destroying, but when he met her he promised to use them for loving. She only as tall as the middle of chest, creamy brown skin, hair tightly pulled back into a shaped ponytail. She was strong and sturdily built, but she cuddled close to him to let both of them think he was protecting her. And the little one. A pacifier. Plastic barrettes at the ends of her carefully braided hair. Pajamas with feet. I carefully pulled the picture out and threw the frame into the truck. Folding the picture delicately in the middle, I turned away from the crowd and put it in my pocket. I’ll remember you.	We were getting toward the end, but it seems there’s almost never any end to the amount of material in a house. The truck was getting full. Must be the second or third truckload. 	Bricks.	Into the truck.	Siding.	Into the truck.	A door, windows blown out. I had only stood over it for a second when a young girl lifted the other end and looked across it at me. I, too, bent down and lifted. “With your back,” she advised. “Or you won’t last a day.” I obeyed, and felt the comfortable weight in my forearms. Then my biceps and triceps. We walked over to the truck and stood parallel to it. “On three,” she commanded. We got the momentum up over the first and second swing. Letting it go on three, as agreed, we stepped back. It landed in the truck with a muted sound against the other pieces of moist wood and debris. We stood looking at it for not quite a second, and then walked back toward the foundation. 	I must’ve gotten there toward the end. From when I walked on, it only took the thirteen of us an hour and a half, the rest of the truck, and one more truckload before we made it down to the ground. No basement.	We all stood staring in unison at the ground where the house had been. And then, no sooner, I imagine, than they had come, they all walked toward the white Econoline that was parked across the street and piled in. As they drove off, the driver, whom I hadn’t seen on the site, waved at me. I just stared and watched them swerve around the pieces of house in the street. In a half effort, I held the gloves in the air. They didn’t stop.		I got back to my car and sat inside. I just stared out the windshield at where we were working. Three other houses were demolished on the same side of the street. And just across the street, the houses had wavy brown lines along their lengths where the water was. But they still stood.	Tears came so quickly I had no time to prepare. I flung my head against the headrest and let them. Is your daughter okay? Did you evacuate? Did you get out in time?  Will you come back to your front yard and your back yard meeting each other where your living room used to be? 	I woke up from a draining sleep, covered in sweat. I quickly kicked the door open and stood outside in the sticky humidity. I pulled my shirt off of my chest, and used the part just below the neck to dab my forehead: miserable. Kneeling in the driver’s seat, I reached across the car to the glove box and fished among the half dozen Snickers bars inside, trying to find the least melted. 	Sitting back in the driver’s seat, I peeled open the wrapper slowly and slurped the first two mouthfuls out of the top before reaching my finger in to recover some solid parts that might supply the calories and protein for another go at volunteering.	I can’t shake this feeling of obligation. I hated this city, now I’m working to restore it. Or at least declutter it. This disaster took my mother and brother. And other mothers and brothers. And sisters and girlfriends, nieces and uncles, classmates and coworkers, teachers and pets, crushes and penpals, infants and retirees, enemies and relatives. It touched the virtuous and the contemptful, the religious and the trustworthy, the suspicious and the knowledgeable, the artistic and the conniving, the forgiving and the spiritual, liars and saints, the intelligent and the two-faced. It affected delivery drivers and elevator repairmen, dishwashers and getaway drivers, stay-at-home moms and students, nuns and electricians, telephone operators and brain surgeons, statisticians and botanists, actuaries and asbestos removers. And me.	Without realizing it, I drove toward her house. She lived in East New Orleans, and from what I had seen on television, it was one of the first to go. Completely decimated. The levies from Lake Pontchatrain had failed pretty early on the 29th, and there was no stopping it. There, like the 9th Ward, nothing was spared. Until the waters of the lake equalized with the floodwaters, over ten feet in some places, the water continued to climb.	I wasn’t entirely sure what I was expecting to find. Her, presumably, but I wasn’t even sure if she had evacuated or stayed, or where she might have gone. In the end, finding her now would be like finding a needle in a stack of needles. Everyone was everywhere. It was humbling to see all of this destruction in an age where all we do is prepare ourselves for occurrences like this by improving our technology.	I didn’t think it absurd to imagine that in this technological age, there would be measures in place to make sure that thousands of people didn’t get left without a way out of the city, and then have their section 8 housing be wrapped with layers of barbed wire to keep these people from getting back into their own houses. To keep these children from getting the stuffed animals they left behind. To keep these women and men from getting clothes that might actually have been dry. We just holed them up in the Superdome and hoped they didn’t put up too much of a fuss. 	I didn’t think it ludicrous to imagine that in the communication age, there would be measures in place to keep people in touch with one another via short-wave radios, anything. To keep them telling each other that the busses that were coming to pick up these disenfranchised people were already full. To keep them putting some sort of law system in place to avoid the Superdome turning itself into the modern crossroads of Sodom and Gomorrah. 	It was all terrifying.	I kept driving through the wreckage. Some of the streets were blocked off by men in fatigues, where organized efforts were going on. Other streets were wholly navigable. I continued, following a trail that seemed to have been left for me. It was the reverse trail. I began from neighborhoods where the extent of the damage was houses that had a few shingles hanging precariously over the gutter, threatening to fall to the ground, creating the only debris visible on the lawns. As I worked east in the general direction of the Lower 9th Ward, houses, properties, and every aspect of neighborhoods showed ever more devastation.	I finally stopped, almost haphazardly, at a site where they were doing similar work to the work I had done earlier that day. I had the gloves and the will; I daresay I was qualified.	This time, a group of twentysomethings with matching sky blue t-shirts, along with a few assorted helpers, were trying to get the collapsed roof of a house off of the car that sat on the driveway. It was so disheartening to see such an historic house, gilded porch railings and all, so indicative of the turn of the century French-inspired architecture that defined the city, fall into such irreparable ruin. 	Parking a short distance away, I prepared myself for another go. I exited the car, and vigilantly pulled on the gloves I had inherited from the last site, walking determinedly toward the house. A tow truck was waiting idly by. A youngish man with light brown hair and a conservative mustache turned toward me as I walked up on the lawn. “Hi there. Come to help, son?” Presumably the leader of the group. I nodded as I approached, and quickly got to read the backs of one of the t-shirts: Biloxy Baptist Church Youth Group. The words were surrounded by a border of small figures of all different colors holding hands. As I was noticing this, a claw hammer blocked my field of vision. I looked toward its source. The nice-looking mustachioed man. The minister, I concluded with my new deductive evidence. “Here,” he said, holding out his arm, which seemed to extend seamlessly into the hammer. “You know what to do.” Evidently, I looked as though I had done this before. So I had that going for me.	I immediately got to work. Taciturn at first, I did the job handed to me. Like the rest of the group, I was obediently doing what was asked of me. Expressionless, I hammered away at the roof of the house. It occurred to me at this point that, as opposed to the last job, I had walked in on the very beginning of this particular chore. The midday sun was beating down on us, and the temperatures rose relentlessly. We worked on.	As hard as we worked, we seemed to be making no progress. Nothing seemed to be working. The hammers seemed ineffectual against the sheer weight of the toppled roof, and the car’s roof attested to this weight; the top red-orange Towncar-esque vehicle sat firmly against the front two seats. Windows smashed out, it was a depressing sight. 	Fixing my eye on a particularly large piece of roof, I swung the hammer high over my head and it landed squarely on the sandy gray of the shingle. I began to pull, but the piece remained intransigent. A large bead of sweat fell into my eye, and the sting sent me stumbling back a step or two. My eyes remained closed, and I heard someone ask from the other side of the car say, “Is he okay?” Just then, a wave of cold swept over me. Giving in, I swooned backward, and fell slowly into a cradle of warm air. 	A girl with long hair was crouched over my torso when I opened my eyes. “He’s okay,” she said over her shoulder. I could only see the back of her head, but her long black hair crawled down her arm and brushed my stomach over my shirt. She turned back to me. “You look familiar,” I blurted out, unsure why and surprising myself with the volume of my own voice. She smiled benevolently and cradled my head as she took my hand and lifted me to my feet. I swooned again, but she caught me. “Had anything to eat today?” she asked, concerned but almost buisnesslike.	“I think I had part of a Snickers bar earlier,” I said, embarrassed.	“We’ve got to get something in that stomach,” she said again in a subtle mélange of sympathy and control, the way a mother might. She led me back to her car, where she had several homemade sandwiches, as well as little plastic bags full of carrot sticks, and bottles of water. “Do you want peanut butter or peanut butter?” she asked, offering effortless good humor.	“What were the choices again?” I asked, trying to match it.	She handed me a sandwich, some carrots, and a bottle of water. She told me to sit down and sat next to me on the curb in the shade of her late model green Volkswagen Jetta. I scarfed down the first half of the sandwich and threw back a drink of water. Looking at her, I noticed her shirt, a light gray with green varsity lettering: Tulane.	“You go to Tulane?” I asked through a mouthful of carrot.	“Yeah. You, too?” she asked, perking up.	“Yeah. What’s your major?”	“English. Yours?”	“International Relations.”	“What year are you?”	“I’ll be a senior. You?”	“I’ll be a junior.”	There was a slight lull in the conversation, and I opened my mouth and drew in breath again to ask another question, but inhaled little bits of carrot I had neglected to swallow. Coughing wildly, I drew my hand up to my mouth. “Slow down there, cowboy,” she said, patting me on the back. The panic I had for the first few seconds slowly turned into laughter, and she laughed with me.	It was nice. 	Then I shot a glance her way. “That’s where I know you from!” I exclaimed, starting the second half of the sandwich.	“School? Did I have a class with you?”	“No, the Golden Calf. You’re a friend of Helen’s.”	She paused, unsure what to make of it. “Yeah, I am,” she answered slowly. And then she saw it. “Oh yeah. I almost didn’t recognize you. I’m sorry.” Another pause. “Aron, right? Oh my God. I didn’t put it together.” 	“Yeah.” I, too, paused. I pointed at her, biting my lip and squinting one eye.	“Starts with a Ph,” she offered.	“I’ve got nothing,” I said honestly.	“Philomena,” she said.	“Yeah, I never would have guessed that.”	“It’s okay,” she said reassuringly. Again, I almost choked.	“Have you seen Helen?” I asked, grabbing her arm.	“Yeah, she’s fine,” said Philomena, grimacing. I recognized the pain in her face and loosened my grip.	“I’m sorry,” I apologized, drawing my hand away.	“It’s okay. She’s living with me. I’ll take you there when we’re done here. God, you’re all she’s been talking about. I can’t believe I ran into you.”	“She didn’t get out?” I asked, surprised.	“She did, but she came back. I’m not sure why.”	I drank the last few drops of the water and stood up. “I feel much better. Thanks for coming to the rescue.”	“Sure thing.” She stood up with me and we walked back over to the wreckage, picked up our instruments, and, without another word, went back to work.	With the help of the other kids in the group, we finally began to see the rusted roof of the car after another fifteen minutes or so. The closer we got, the faster we worked. Eventually, everyone was tearing everything aside, and a shorter Hispanic boy next to me pulled the last piece off of the roof of the car and hurled it into the extended-bed pickup truck that had pulled up next to us. Not a second later, we heard the aggressive beeping of the tow truck as it backed up. We all stood back as the bed of it angled toward the rear of the car. A muscular man with a gut jumped out of the driver’s seat and went to work, hooking up a complex network of chains to the rear of the car. Philomena and I glanced at each other and then back at the car as we both ran our forearms across ours sweating brow. Someone worked hard to make the payment on this car. Now it’s abandoned. When was the last time they rode in it? Were they happy? Where were they going? Now where will it be hauled off to?	Then, without warning, the group of kids huddled around. They all bowed their heads, and the minister lead a prayer, from which I could only make out the word “Jesus” repeated several times. To my surprise, no sooner had they collectively amen-ed then did they break up like a group of football players after a huddle, each to their assigned positions: three in the pickup with the roof in the bed and seven into a minivan with a logo on the back that matched the t-shirts. They all pulled away, and the other assorted volunteers took this as their cue to go look for more heartbreak to assuage.	Philomena cut across the driveway and hooked her arm in mine. “Shall we?” she asked.	“We shall,” I agreed, and we began walking toward her car. “Let me grab a couple things,” I said, realizing that I wasn’t sure what the looting situation was by this point. I need the clothes. If they need the jumper cables or spare tire, let them break in. They’re welcome to them. But I need the clothes. I grabbed the bag and walked back over to Philomena’s car, climbing in.	“Philomena,” I said, unsure what I had intended to tell her.	“Phil,” she said, suggesting the solidarity we had just built up in our guerilla volunteerism.	“Phil, thank you so much for finding me.”	“What are you talking about? We ran into each other.”	“I know. But thank you for taking me to Helen. I was so worried about her.”	“She’s going to freak out. She talks about you every day.”	I looked out the windshield at the scarred road, then down at my shoes. “It was so early in our relationship,” I said regretfully.	“I know. She was so upset she couldn’t get ahold of you.”	“I imagine,” I said.	We rode the rest of the way back to her house in silence, each going over the events of the day. My heart raced at the prospect of seeing Helen. 	“Will she be home,” I asked, breaking the silence.	“She might be. She was going to go out and volunteer today, too. She didn’t have a car, but she said she’d try to catch a ride home. I’m not sure if she’ll beat us home. No way to tell.”	I sat silent.	We pulled into her neighborhood. She had the outrageous luck of living south of the Mississippi, which happened, unlike the unfortunate residents on just the other side, to get no flooding. Sure, it was ravaged by 140 MPH winds, but when the storm moved north, the damage subsided. 		We parked in front of her house. It looked nearly pristine. I shook my head. “I know,” she said, anticipating my emotion. “The storm broke one of my living room windows. Other than that, we were fine.”	We approached the front door, and my heart was beating out of my chest. She put her keys in the lock, and then in one motion, unlocked the door and opened it. “Honey, I’m home,” she called into the house. 	“Hi,” said a voice. “I’m cooking dinner.”	“I brought you something,” said Phil, looking back at me and winking.	“Is it some of that lemon sorbet I wanted?” said the voice. Its bearer rounded the corner. “Because I...” She stopped short. “Oh my God,” she said. She dropped the wooden spoon that she had gripped in her left hand, and the lighter that she had held in her right. “Oh my God,” she repeated, her voice shaky. Then tears. “I thought you were dead,” she said.	I was stunned and said nothing.	She rushed toward me and threw her arms around my neck, sobbing. I put my arms around her waist, feeling her warmth. I closed my eyes tight, and when I opened them again, Phil stood across the room, staring at me, hands clasped over her nose and mouth. 	“What did you do? Where were you? What happened to you? Did you get out?” she spit out in succession. Then, taking her arms from my neck, she stepped back and looked at me, then at Phil, then back at me. “How did you find each other? Somebody speak to me.”	Phil took the initiative. “He was working on the same house that I was today. He fainted and I nursed him back to health.”	Helen looked at me and let out a bittersweet mix between a laugh and a sob. “I’m so glad you’re okay,” she said softly, looking at me and shaking her head.	I opened my mouth to speak. “I’m so glad to see you,” I said. “I wasn’t sure how to contact you. I thought I’d never see you again.” My voice began to shake, as well. My throat began to burn, and I swallowed hard. “I missed you.” My lip quivered.	“Who’s hungry,” Phil asked awkwardly, heading off to the kitchen. Helen and I just stared at each other, breathless.	“We’re coming,” she called to Phil finally, her eyes still locked on mine. “We’ve got a lot to talk about,” she told me, her voice lowered. She took my hand as I shook my head in agreement and followed her to the kitchen room.	“I was making a gumbo,” said Helen proudly. Then, blushing: “I hope I didn’t burn it.” She dipped a spoon in and, pulling it out, blew on it repeatedly. Putting it in her mouth and drawing the spoon out clean, she rolled her eyes back and forth toward the ceiling, cocking her head and rubbing her tongue along the roof of her mouth. She closed her eyes almost sensually, gathering the flavor. I stirred nervously. “Touch of salt, generous dash of pepper,” she concluded, opening her eyes. “See what you think,” she said to me, approaching me with a half spoon of the mixture. She held her hand under the utensil carefully and drew it to my mouth. It was warm, and my cells rejoiced at the first taste of meat in their recent memory. “I concur,” I said, trying to sound judicious. The three of us laughed.	“Do you live here alone,” I asked Phil curiously.	“No, my roommate made it out,” she said almost with a touch of bitterness. It did seem a bit large for one person. I made my way out of the kitchen into the dining room and into the living room, scanning the family portraits, past and present, that were hung on the wall. Out into the sitting room, I gave myself a tour. “Is your bathroom up this way,” I asked, calling around the corner.	“Yeah. Straight ahead of you up the stairs,” said Phil welcomingly. I took a casual account of everything that I saw: mismatched furniture, a kitschy lamp, two full bookshelves along the wall. I rubbed my finger along the stained-wood banister as I climbed the stairs, and, reaching the pinnacle, looked at the thin layer of dust on my index finger. Slowly, I rubbed it along my thumb, expressionless. Stopping in front of the bathroom at the top of the stairs, I looked to the left: a bedroom, and to the right: another bedroom. I entered the bathroom and closed the door behind me.	Staring at my eyes in the mirror, I couldn’t shake the nervousness. I pulled the faucet handle up slowly, and let the water run over my hands as I waited for it to warm up from cold to warm. It didn’t. I shrugged and cupped my hands under the flow and drew them up to my face, splashing it against my tired features. I did this three times and then turned toward the towel rack, wiping my face against the soft green towel that lay neatly folded on it. As I looked up, I glanced pensively at the 5x7 painting of a blue jay on a branch. After a few moments, I crinkled my brow and turned toward the door, opening it silently. 	Before descending, I turned and took three steps to the right, pushing open the cracked door and surveying the contents of the bedroom. I wonder which one is hers. This one betrayed a floor with clothes strewn here and there, but selectively, almost suggesting that the owner almost desired cleanliness but lacked the discipline. Turning, I walked quietly to the opposite end of the landing, and peeked in the other bedroom, door flung wide open. This room was meticulously kept. No earrings beside the jewelry box, picture frames perfectly level, the cord of the television neatly bundled behind it. Anybody’s guess.	Walking back into the kitchen, I walked in on Phil recounting the day’s events. “Just layed out on the grass, spread eagle,” she said as I walked in. “Hey, we were just talking about you,” she said, smiling. 	“So what’d you do,” asked Helen eagerly.	“I picked him up and took him over to the car for one of the sac lunches I made this morning.” At this, Helen made a cute pouty face of sympathy at me. I blushed. 	“Thank God you were there to save the day,” said she said, half exasperatedly. 	“I’m sure he would’ve been okay if I hadn’t,” Phil said dismissively. Helen glided across the kitchen floor and kissed me on the cheek.	“You must be hungry, then,” she half-whispered, brushing a few hairs that had fallen onto my forehead aside with an agile finger.	We all sat and the dinner table during the first half of the meal, eating large helpings wordlessly. I thought about the day. 	“So what are you doing tomorrow,” Helen asked, disturbing my thoughts. 	“I didn’t have any plans,” I said.	“Let’s sleep in. My muscles are a little sore from today.”	“That sounds nice,” I replied.	“I’m leaving at around ten. There was another house on that block I wanted to work on,” said Phil determinedly. “You have my key, Hel.”	“I do,” she answered, glancing in my direction.	After dinner, none of us felt like doing the dishes. We piled them high in the sink and turned out the lights, as though somehow they might not be there by dawn. I walked exhaustedly toward the couch. “You guys can have Katie’s room,” Phil offered. Helen didn’t answer, but took me upstairs by the hand to the room on the right. I should’ve known. 	We collapsed onto the bed, fully clothed. After a few moments, Helen turned on her side and placed her arm across my front, kissing me on the neck. After a few seconds, she drew her lips back and whispered, “I’m glad you’re here with me.”	“Sweet dreams,” I replied reassuringly.	Sleep came quickly.