Chapter 9: September 13, 2005	As I drove to Phil’s house, my heart began to race. I can’t believe this is happening. She seemed to resistant to it. I can’t imagine what I would’ve done if she refused.	Well, I guess I would’ve been on my own.	I drove ten miles over the speed limit all the way there and left with plenty of time. I got there at 11:50, and waited in the hot car for Helen to arrive. I didn’t have too much stuff left, so there was plenty of room in the car for her. 	It was sweltering, so I rolled down the windows for Gerlinde, who welcomed the slight noontime breeze. 	Here we are. A couple and a dog. It’s a recipe for success. This is going to be great!	Helen arrived shortly after. Her father came to drop her off in her car. She was clad in a grey Radiohead t-shirt and pair of jeans that were cuffed at the ankle. She waved at me, and I could tell through her sunglasses that her eyes were beaming, much like they always were. Her hair was tied back tightly. It was a beautiful sight.	We met in the middle of the street.	“Hello, sir,” I said, taking the initiative.	“You must be Aron,” he said, shaking my hand and smiling. He was tall, and had tightly cropped gray hair. His attire was conservative, yet casual: a plaid golf shirt, and olive green khakis.	“It’s nice to meet you,” I said, focusing on a firm handshake and eye contact. “Hi there,” I said to Helen, kissing her on the forehead.	“So you guys are taking a little road trip?” he asked. I nodded. “That sounds great,” he said. His demeanor resembled that of his daughter. The way their face seemed so accustomed to smiling made you doubt that their faces ever found themselves expressing hurt, shame, or disappointment. “What route are you taking?” he asked curiously. “Because it would probably be fastest to take I-35 north from Dallas, and...”	“Daddy,” Helen said charmingly. 	He put his arm around her and kissed her on the head. “Okay, okay,” he acquiesced. “You have a good time, honey. And be safe, the two of you.”	“We will,” I assured him.	“Well, Aron, it was a pleasure meeting you. If you don’t end up staying out there, we’d love to have you over for dinner sometime. Helen’s mother is dying to meet you.”	“Dad!” 	“I’d love to, Mr. Stark,” I said politely. “And it was nice meeting you, as well.”	“Oh, you don’t have to call me Mr. Stark,” he laughed. “Mr. Stark was my father. Call me Edmund.”	“I look forward to joining you at dinner, Edmund.”	“As do we,” he said, shaking my hand again. “Be safe.” He turned and got back in his car.	“Hi,” Helen said, kissing me happily.	“Your dad is so great,” I said. 	She turned and watched his car drive away. “Isn’t he?” she said almost longingly.	“So, are you ready?” I said, clapping my hands together.	“Yes! Let’s do this,” she said.	I helped her get her bag into the trunk. When I opened the front door, Gerlinde bounded out and jumped up onto Helen, her front paws against Helen’s stomach.	“Hi, Gerlinde!” Helen said in motherese. “Ready to go on a trip?”	“Do you think she’ll be in the car?” I asked. “I didn’t think about how long of a car ride it is. Is this a good idea?”	“You’ll be fine, won’t you Gerlinde?” Helen said, by now rubbing the belly of the dog. Gerlinde let her tongue hang out of her mouth in pleasure. “Gerlinde says she’ll be fine,” Helen reported.		We both got in the car, and I immediately recognized our first roadblock. “Shit, I don’t have any music,” I said frantically. “Did you bring any music or anything?”	Helen waved her hand calmly. “Of course,” she replied furrowing her eyebrows jokingly. “What do you take me for?”	“You’re the greatest,” I said, leaning over and kissing her. 	“I’ve got a lot of great stuff. The new Le Tigre record, Cat Power. Ooh, and have you heard this band The Black Keys?” she held up a CD.	“Not yet,” I said, in awe of how amazing she was.	As she put the CD in the player and leaned back, putting her sunglasses into her thick hair, I just stared at her. You’re so beautiful. So beautiful and you don’t even know it.	We drove off into the early morning sun.	When we got onto I-10 going north, it really felt official. Helen turned the music up and rolled down her window. I hadn’t felt the genuine pleasure of a liberating road trip in ages.	Maybe not since Canada.	I looked over at Helen. She was rocking her head back and forth on the headrest, singing to the encapsulating music. I smiled and sped up, intoxicated by the fresh-smelling damp air.	Gerlinde stuck her head between the seats, slowly blinking her eyes from the air rushing in. I pet her and Helen leaned her head on her. “Treats in the glove box,” I yelled over the music and the wind. Leaning forward, Helen found them quickly and put two strips into Gerlinde’s excited maw. “Oh, man, I love this song,” she said, enraptured, turning the stereo up again.	This was going to be amazing.	We made our first stop in Shreveport at about 6:30 to get a bite to eat. Nicky’s Mexican Restaurant provided an enticing choice. The two of us sat down, both focused on getting back on the road. 	I ordered the beef burrito with guacamole and Helen got the chicken tacos with a side of guacamole. 	Our food came out, and Helen and I looked at each other delightedly. “Not a moment too soon,” I said.	“I know, I’m starving,” Helen concurred.	As we began to eat, I noticed my guacamole was missing. I furrowed my brow. “What is it? Is it not good?” Helen asked concernedly.	“No, it’s fine,” I said, wiping my mouth. “But she forgot my guacamole.” Helen looked over at my plate, then, almost in the same motion, threw up her hand for the waitress. “No, it’s okay,” I tried to tell her. 	“Everything okay?” the waitress asked.	“It’s good, thank you,” Helen said, smiling. “Could we possibly get a side of guacamole for his burrito?” she asked charmingly.	“Oh, of course. I’m sorry.” She quickly ran back to the kitchen.	“Thank you,” I said. “That really wasn’t necessary, but thank you.”	“You should get what you wanted,” Helen said simply. “Otherwise, what’s the point of spending money? If you’re going to go to the trouble, you might as well get what you want.” I nodded in agreement, appreciating her understated wisdom.	The waitress returned with a slight grimace. “I’m sorry,” she said, rubbing her hands together. “We’re actually out of guacamole for tonight. You got the last of it, honey,” she said to Helen. “Is there anything else I can get you?”	“No, it’s fine,” I said, smiling. “Thank you.”	She left apologetically, and before I could protest, Helen was already scraping her guacamole onto the top of my burrito. “Helen,” I began.	“No, I won’t hear of it. I have plenty here. I’m just taking a tiny bit.”	“You should have it,” I said protestingly.	“I’ll take a bit, but I want you to have the rest,” she said, spooning the remainder of it onto my plate. “There you go,” she said, and, putting her utensil down, cupped my cheek lovingly in her hand.	“Thank you,” I said. 	You are so kind. I want to do everything I ever can for you.	We were back on the road, and about a half hour later, we were making great time. We were poised to make it into Portland late the next night. The trip was already off to a great start.	Helen took a shift between about nine o’clock and one am, but quickly tired out and asked me to switch back. I obliged, and she and Gerlinde both instantly passed out.	I sped into the night, taking much greater care than usual, out of concern for my two beautiful passengers. That night, it was nothing but the sixteen wheelers and me, and it gave me a lot of time for reflection.	I imagined what our life might be like in Portland. A small, cozy one bedroom with hardwood floors downtown. I’d work at a coffee shop, and Helen would find a job at the independent record store. 	I’d come home after a hard day’s work on the early shift, and make a nice lunch for myself: a BLT. No, I’d go vegetarian. I hear there’s a great community for that out there. I love my meat, but I bet Helen would do it with me. 	Then I would curl up with Gerlinde on the couch and read a book. What would I be reading by that point? Something pertinent, something that would make me feel like I was progressing. Foucault, perhaps. Or Camus. I’ve never read any Wittgenstein...	She’d come home after closing, and I’d have a nice dinner waiting for her. Grilled eggplant and brown rice. Teriyaki sauce. I don’t know. I’d get creative. 	We’d finish dinner, and she’d throw a record on the turntable. Something great she had heard that day. Something she just had to share with me. Something that she knew I’d love. Something that would be a mix between “Frampton Comes Alive,” the pre-Geffen Records Nirvana material, and a little bit of Hagar-era Van Halen. I wouldn’t be able to believe it...no, no, you’re right. That’s exactly what it is. And it’s amazing.	I love you.	I love you, too.	I passed another sixteen wheeler, completely content.	The hours between three and five are always the hardest for me. At about 2:45, all I had to keep me company was the stability of the white lines, quickly rushing past me, ensuring me of my progress. With each one that passed, I was that much closer to starting a life with her. That much closer to Portland, to our apartment, to our domestic life as a couple with a dog. To happiness.	I blinked slowly as I sped up. 	Quickly, I shook my head and rubbed my eyes. Hard to stay awake. The rhythm of the highway lines, the steady drone of the car. I blinked again, and felt like giving in to the warm feeling of drowsiness...	No! 	I was quickly awakened by the rumble strips on the right side of the road, which made a loud vibrating sound through the car. “Hm?” Helen mumbled, turning over and pulling her sweater back over her arms to cover herself. 	“I’m sorry,” I whispered. But she had already fallen back asleep. I looked back at Gerlinde, who hadn’t stirred. Whereas if it were only me in the car, I would have pushed it, I decided to pull over. It’s not worth it. Sure, we’re making great time, but we’ve got all the time in the world. 	I kept driving until I found a good place to pull off. A highway sign quickly passed, ‘REST AREA 2 MI.’ 	Okay. You only have to stay awake for about a minute and forty-five seconds. The other two lives in the car are depending on you. How are you going to keep your brain awake? 	I blinked rapidly.	Come on. Okay. Okay. Think, think, think, think, think. Oooh, I know. A good game of Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon. Okay. Think of two actors that would be almost impossible to put together. How about Eminem, who was only in one movie and...come on, come on, someone obscure. Oooh. Kim Basinger. This is going to be impossible.	Okay. Good. Eminem and Brittney Murphy in 8 Mile. Okay. That’s a good start. Brittney Murphy and...come on. Think. Okay. Brittney Murphy and Rosario Dawson in Sin City. Rosario Dawson? There were so many other people in that movie. Like Bruce Willis. He’s been in a lot. But wait. This would be a lot cooler if I used Rosario Dawson rather than Bruce Willis. I just have to remember what she was in. Wasn’t she in Kids, that Harmony Korine movie? But Chloë Sevigny was the only other actor in that movie that went on to do anything. Okay. Wait. Rosario Dawson and Edward Norton in 25th Hour. Wow. That was good. Can’t believe I knew that. Yeah. And Edward Norton is good to use. In a lot of stuff. I’m trying to see how to get back to Kim Basinger. What the fuck has she been in? Nothing since like 1992. Wasn’t she in...does Cool World count? Yeah. Man, that was a horrible movie. Who was the guy in that? Come on...think. Wait. Brad Pitt? Yeah. Brad Pitt. Sweet! So where were we? Rosario Dawson and Edward Norton in 25th Hour. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt in Fight Club. That was a sweet movie. Okay. Brad Pitt and Kim Basinger in Cool World. 	Sweet. Smartest man alive.	I pulled off into the rest area. As the car slowed down, Helen stirred awake. “Are you okay?” she said, rubbing her eyes. 	“Yes,” I whispered. “I just pulled over to rest my eyes. Go back to sleep.” She leaned her head up toward me, and I gently kissed her on the lips.	I leaned my seat back and finally gave in to exhaustion.	A motorcycle driving past jerked me awake. The sky was a light blue and it was silent all around. A few other cars had pulled into the rest area to sleep. I reached forward silently and turned the keys half way toward starting. 	5:43. 	We should probably get moving. We’ve got a long drive ahead of us.	I pulled my seat forward as quietly as I could and turned on the ignition. Helen rolled over and Gerlinde surprisingly stayed quiet. Self-consciously, I drove out of the rest area and back onto the highway. We had maybe another hour to go before we needed gas again, so I got the speed up to 85 and just kept driving. 	The sun was rising off to the right, and the day was took on purplish tint. I drove for another hour until we got to a gas station. The sun had just risen, and already it was 70 degrees, said a sign on a bank adjacent to the gas station. I got out and put the pump in the car and went in.	The bathroom was nice and clean, and it felt good to pee and splash some water on my face. Walking toward the counter, I walked past the beverage coolers. Orange juice. Get Helen some orange juice. She’d like that.	I walked slowly back to the car, and from just outside the door of the gas station, I could see that Helen was shielding her face from Gerlinde, who was excitedly licking her. I opened her door.	“Gerlinde, stop it. I’m trying to sleep,” Helen moaned. 	I walked over to the other side of the car. “Come on, Gerlinde,” I coaxed. “Come on.” She hopped between the seats and out of the car on the driver’s side. I grabbed her collar with my free hand and took her over to a plot of grass between the gas station parking across from the pumps and the sidewalk. She walked around in circles three or four times and then did her business, looking around at the scenery: seven sixteen wheelers parked in a row, gas pumps, the bank.	She finished and ran ahead of me back to the car, and sat down, looking at the driver’s door. I opened, and she scrambled into the back seat. Helen was in much better humor by this point. “Feel better, girl?” she asked, petting the mutt, reaching her hand over the seat. 	“Good morning,” I said. 	“Hi,” she replied, eyes bright. “Where are we?”	“We’re about a hundred miles south of Wichita,” I replied. “I got you some orange juice.” 	“You’re sweet,” she said, taking it from my hand and pulling me in for a kiss. I leaned over the driver’s seat and kissed her, then sat down and pulled the door closed. “Do you want me to drive?” she asked.	“No, you wake up,” I said, trying to sound a nice as possible. “I’ll get us to Wichita, and you can take over from there.”	“Sounds good,” she said, pulling her seat up. 	On the way to Wichita, I told her of my incredible Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon victory. She was impressed. I was curious as to her aptitude at this game, so I gave her a good one.	“Okay, I’ve got a stumper for you,” I said, looking from the road to her and back again. “How about Olivia Williams to Philip Seymour Hoffman,” I said, expecting her not to know who Olivia Williams was or anything she had been in. 	“That’s easy,” she said simply. 	“What?” I exclaimed. I was going to be seriously impressed if she could get this.	“Olivia Williams was only in two things she could be used for: Rushmore and the Sixth Sense.”		“She wasn’t in the Sixth Sense,” I said defensively.	“Yes she was,” Helen said, laughing.	“You’re thinking of Toni...Toni something.”	“Toni Colette played the mother, Olivia Williams was also in it. So Olivia Williams to Haley Joel Osment in the Sixth Sense, Haley Joel Osment to...to Jude Law in Artificial Intelligence, and Jude Law to Phillip Seymour Hoffman in the Talented Mr. Ripley.” She clapped her hands in accomplishment. “You’ve got to do better than that.”	You are the most amazing woman alive.	“Wow. I am impressed,” I conceded. We both burst into laughter.		We soon pulled into Wichita, and I was feeling particularly hungry. “Where do you want to stop to eat?” I asked. 	“Let’s just go to that gas station and fill up,” she said practically. “We’ll get a couple of sandwiches or something out of the refrigerator, and I’ll drive. Let’s stay on the road.”	“Sounds good,” I said, impressed at her low maintenance versatility. We pulled over and she got out to pump the gas. “What kind of sandwich do you feel like?” I asked, looking forward to saving her having to walk inside.	“Oh, how about something with protein? Turkey or whatever.”	“Great,” I said.	“Thank you,” she called after me sweetly. I spun around and smiled at her, and then back, in this graceful twirl, coming back to center and swinging the door open gracefully and slipping inside. More graceful than I usually am. I looked back through the glass door, and she was laughing charmingly at the pump.	You have no idea how well this is going to work out.	I grabbed her a sandwich. Turkey, exactly what she asked for. I heated myself a burrito, paid, and ran back to the car. Helen had poured a little dog food into a plastic bag, and Gerlinde was dining in anticipation of Helen’s and my feast. 	“Here you are,” I said, kissing her on the neck. 	We got in the car and sped away.	I’m so comfortable with her driving. I can never deal with anyone else’s driving. I’m always so tense. And here I am, eating a burrito. Potentially the messiest food I could have found in there. One mistimed swerve and I could be looking at globs of scalding beans all over my arms and lap. Would not be fun. But here I am, so comfortable. This is why I always drove when Aron and I...	I cleared my throat and forced a smile. “I’m really excited to be going with you,” I said, changing the subject. 	She looked over at me and smiled. When she smiled, her ears smiled. Her eyes smiled. Her whole body smiled. And it warmed you in this remarkable way. 	I’m falling in love with you. In a way I’m not ready to express to you. In a way that makes me know this will work out. Portland, Gerlinde, the apartment. Everything. Our lives. This is so perfect. I can’t imagine it going any other way.	The best part is, you never have to know.		She drove like a pro that day, almost eight hours straight. We stopped for gas and food here and there, but she stuck it out. Almost two entire tanks of gas, and she got us all the way to Denver from Wichita. I was incredibly impressed, and then set my sights on Salt Lake City, another eight hours from Denver, west on I-80. I reasoned that if we kept going straight, I could make it there by midnight. 	I drove, and as day turned to afternoon turned to night, I ran out of Six Degrees variations to try to stump Helen with. She picked up her copy of Much Ado About Nothing. I tried to focus on the road, not to bother her. 	You are so independent and strong. So low maintenance. Haven’t asked to stop yet. You’re durable. Well made. I enjoy you so much.		We finally rolled into Salt Lake City just past midnight that night. I, too, had driven out nearly two tanks of gas. Exhausted, I suggested we sleep at another rest stop. We changed seats just before falling asleep, so that she could wake up near dawn and make a bid for Boise. We were about five hours from Boise, and it was, by my estimation, another six and a half to the promised land. We leaned our seats back and fell asleep holding hands.	When I came to the next morning, she was driving, hands ten-and-two, and mouthing words to herself, bobbing her head. “Hi,” I said, refreshed.	She looked over at me and smiled, running her fingers through my hair. “Good morning,” she said sweetly. “Did you sleep well?”	“I did,” I said, putting up my seat and turning around to give some love to Gerlinde, who had presumably been awake for at least an hour, judging by her alertness. “Where are we?” I asked.	“About an hour outside of Boise,” she said. It was just past sunup, and already we were making great time.	“Wow,” I said, doing the math. “What time did you get up?”	“I don’t know, around four maybe. I’m feeling pretty good, though.”	We stopped briefly in Boise for gas. “We’ll make it to Portland by nightfall,” I said, optimistically. 	“I hear the restaurants are great out there,” she said joyfully. “It’ll be our first meal in the new city.”	We’re both delighted. How much better could this be?	I took the wheel, and Helen again sank in for the long haul, armed with book and iPod. 	I reflected on what I had seen in the past month. It had been incredibly emotionally exhausting, but I was poised to start a new life in a new city with a new woman, a new dog, and a new apartment. A new job. A new me. 	It was a new lease on life.	So often, we wish we could start over. But it’s not the way life works. You can’t just be dead to the world, pick up a new identity, and start afresh. Make new choices. Think differently. Love differently. Speak differently. Act differently. But now I was getting this chance.	And this time, I wasn’t going to fuck it up.	After an eventless drive, we pulled into Portland at around 5:30. The skyline from I-84 was refreshing. Buildings I had never seen but would come to know. I would come to own this city in a way I never did out there on that fucking swamp. This was my chance. This was where I would start living my life to the fullest, start taking control of my life. This situation had fallen into my lap, and I was never going to take it for granted. I was finally getting to make the choices I deserved to make, live the life I deserved to live.	We stopped at a coffee shop and asked a progressive, bohemian looking girl with black hair and a nosering if there were any good restaurants in the area.	“You know, there’s a place called the Blossoming Lotus over on Davis Street,” she said. “It’s vegan.”	Helen thanked her and we walked back to the car.	“You know, I’ve been thinking a lot on the way here,” I confessed. “I’ve been thinking about going vegetarian.”	“Really?” Helen said in disbelief.	“Yeah. I think it would be a good idea. It just seems like the right thing to do. I want to start eating more healthily, I want to start making new choices. New city, time for a new diet.”	She smiled brilliantly. “I think I’d be ready to try that,” she said, beaming.	We pulled into the restaurant. The progressive, café-like feel was refreshing, having come from a place where the ambiance depended on how much smoke wafted out from the door when you opened it. 	I ordered the Monk Bowl, a mix of brown rice and greens with a teriyaki sauce, and Helen had the Indian Bowl, complete with a heavenly mango chutney. Both of these were divine, and the atmosphere hinted that the majority of the visitors there were regulars.  We laughed throughout dinner, talking about our first impressions of the city, which were that the people were friendly, it was clean, and the weather was delightful. Unlike down south, where the humidity was stiff and overwhelming and the heat was dreadful, Portland seemed to be having a mild transition from summer into fall, and it seemed an extraordinarily livable city.	We walked Gerlinde around the city a bit, looking at parks, buildings, peoplewatching. Helen seemed giddy, and I was also remarkably excited. 	We quickly found a hotel, the Everett, just on the other side of the Williamette from the restaurant. Stealthily, we snuck Gerlinde into the room, and bedded down for the first time in this fair city.	I awoke early and left a note for Helen on the mirror.	Good morning, Beautiful.	I ran out to get coffee and bagels and the newspaper to check for apartments and jobs, etc. I’ll be back soon.	Aron	P.S.—I am so excited to be here with you. Thank you for coming. 	When I returned, Helen was sitting on the bed with Gerlinde, reading. She jumped out of bed when she heard the door close.	“Hello, handsome boy,” she said, throwing her arms around my neck and kissing me on the cheek. “Thanks for the note.” 	“I got onion. I hope that’s okay.”	“Ooh, I love onion,” she cooed. 	We sat on the bed and ate bagels and cream cheese and looked for apartments, while Gerlinde sat on the floor with the chew toy I had bought her at the pet store across from the coffee shop. We alternated sections of the paper, looking for jobs and apartments, then switching. 	There didn’t seem to be much in the way of jobs, but we soon realized that the kind of jobs that we wanted weren’t likely to be advertised in the paper. It’s hard to find coffee shop and record store positions in the paper. You kind of just have to go in and prove that you’re cool. Especially with the latter. But I knew Helen would have no problem with that.	We made a list of the apartments that seemed attractive. The rent was a little more than I had expected it to be, but significantly less that such a bourgeoning city might have asked of its tenants. “This one sounds good,” I said. “ ‘Nice one bedroom, view of the river, hardwood floors, walk-in closet, pets OK.’”	“Yeah, or how about, ‘Large one bedroom, modern amenities, very spacious, light, southern exposure. Pets OK’?”	“A couple of these sound nice,” I agreed. We called on a few and made dates to check them out after lunch.	After the round of phone calls, we lay in the bed and snuggled for a while. “This is going to be incredible,” I whispered.	“Yes...you...are....very...correct,” she said, kissing me between each word. 	We took a short nap and went back to the Blossoming Lotus for lunch, trying two other entrées, both of which were divine. We had found a favorite. The coffee shop where I had bought the coffee and bagels that morning had seemed promising, as well. The fair-trade coffee was wonderful, and I already felt at home in this new, but welcoming environment.	After lunch, we grabbed the newspaper and Gerlinde and hopped into the car to look at apartments. The first one we looked at was the one with the view of the river. It seemed a bit small for the three of us, though it was very nice. 	We tried the one with southern exposure. One with a cute courtyard. One with an elevator that was half a block away from the bus. One with bicycle parking inside.	Nothing really seemed to work out, but we decided to save our panic until the last apartment we checked out, half of a little duplex right on the outskirts of town. It was a charming, quiet neighborhood, and it had two little flowerbeds adorning the front stoop of each side. Our prospective neighbors were outside gardening, and introduced themselves to us. 	The landlord, Mrs. Hofmann showed us in, and it was immediately clear that Gerlinde felt right at home. She ran in and lay down on the carpet while we walked through with the landlord. She didn’t seem overly pushy, and seemed genuinely concerned about whether or not the apartment would meet our needs. It was refreshing, and I could tell by the look on her face that Helen thought it was simply delightful. 	Because we had looked at so many and it was nearing day’s end, Helen and I shared a huddle while the landlord played with Gerlinde. “What do you think?” I asked earnestly.	“I love it,” she said giddily. “It’s really charming. I could really see us living here.”	“Do you think we can afford it?”	“It’s only a thousand,” she said, gaining control of herself and speaking practically. “Between the two of us, I think we can swing it if we’re working full time. Honestly, I had planned on paying more than that.”	“Great,” I said. And before I could say another word, Helen spun around.	“We’ll take it,” she said to the landlord happily. 	“Fantastic,” she said, standing up and brushing the dog hair off of her expensive-looking skirt. She took a piece of paper out of her briefcase. “Here’s the lease,” she said, offering us the paper and pens. 	Helen and I perused it and signed. I wrote a check out to Mrs. Hofmann, she thanked us, shook hands with us, and talked about a few details before showing herself out.	Before we knew it, we were alone in out apartment. “This is wonderful,” Helen said, throwing her arms around my middle and pressing her head into my chest.	“Isn’t it?” I responded, captivatingly happy.	“Ooh, I know,” she said, standing up with a jolt. “Let’s order in Chinese and eat it on the floor after we get our things inside.” I smiled. “We can eat right here,” she said, pointing to a nice carpeted area of the entryway, “then we can lay out a blanket and some pillows and sleep here. Tomorrow, we’ll look for a bed on craigslist.”	I kissed her on her forehead. “Perfect,” I said, smiling. 	We had left our cell phones in the city because we couldn’t get service, so Helen walked down to the corner to use the payphone while I parked in the driveway that, like it’s mirrored counterpart on the other side of the duplex, ran alongside our apartment. I took everything inside, and stood looking at our new abode. It was the left side of the duplex, painted a nice off-white with gray accents and a bright red door. Truthfully, it looked a bit colonial, but it was charming nonetheless.	This will be a perfect place to start our lives together. This will be a perfect place to restart my life. I’m new again. 	Helen ran in from across the street as it began to rain. “Sesame tofu,” she said. “Steamed rice.”	“Sounds amazing,” I said. “I’m really hungry.”	We sat down and talked about a design scheme, how we might get our things from home, how her family would feel about her moving. Life in the Pacific Northwest. Where we might work. What we might feel like doing. 	The Chinese came, and it was heavenly. We laughed and joked as we ate. Helen looked gorgeous with sesame sauce running down her chin as she laughed almost to the point of joking. 	As we finished, I poured some of Gerlinde’s dog food into one of our trays so she could experience the taste sensation that is Great Wall Restaurant’s spicy sesame sauce. She scarfed it down and lay with us on the blanket we spread out. We kissed to the sound of the rain falling against the windows. 	“I love you,” I said to her finally.	Her face brightened in a way of which I didn’t know even she was capable. Her eyes shone with light tears as she kissed me. “I love you, too,” she said, looking me directly in the eye before burying her head in my arms. She grabbed her corner of the blanket and rolled into me, creating a beautiful sort of cocoon that enveloped us. 	This rain is a baptism.