Chapter 10: September 7, 2005	An identity is fluid.	We are constantly changing people. Everything we experience every day influences us in some way. We are in a constant state of flux. Every song we hear, every painting we see, every film, every book we read, affects us in some way. Even the lack of an effect, having an emotional cause, is an effect. 	We are in a constant barrage of advertisements on the television, the radio, billboards. Everywhere we go, we’re targeted by advertisers in ways that have been psychologically proven to change our emotional makeup. Even if it’s a product you hate, that hatred is product recognition: their job is working.	Every contact we have with every person, every conversation affects us. We are stones in a river: the water that flows above us and the sand below us erodes us into new and different people every day. If you talked to me today and again tomorrow, this change might be unnoticeable. But a year is long enough that I might be a completely different person. Unrecognizable to you. To myself. 	Now I am a new person, and I see no philosophical inconsistency. I have kept my general appearance, I have maintained my fundamental physical characteristics. I have kept my likes, my dislikes. My cravings, my hopes, my aspirations, my fears. These things that make up my characteristic identity are still a part of me.	There’s just one small difference.	As far as the government is concerned, I am dead.	But I also have a new first name. They don’t know it’s still me. And they won’t. 	Still, it’s just my first name that’s changed. I am still five foot eleven, brown hair and eyes. I am me. I am him. We are one now. 	In the end, how could I have paid him a better tribute than to have killed myself and continued to live his life? Nobody cared about me, and everyone loved and cared about him. How could I have robbed those that loved him from having him in their lives? It would be unfair.	I beseech you, think of poor Helen. She stumbled on this perfect boy who lit up her soul in a way that was as beautiful to her inside of herself as it was to witness on the outside. I watched it, and it was blinding. How could I do that to her? How could I find her and tell her that her new blossoming relationship with this new perfect boy has been destroyed? Destroyed by forces beyond her control. A flood came, and when the waters dried up, her life changed. They took with them a part of her.	You see, it’s better this way. He had so much promise. So much dedication. His life was so meaningful. I had nothing. My life was worthless. I continue to watch the moment where our lives diverged. I’ve seen the tape. It’s evident. All I’m doing is liberating his spirit. It wouldn’t have been fair to have this life die with him.	In a way, it’s like recycling. I’m just reusing all of the emotional energy he put into his life and others put into him. Why would I let that die when I could just preserve that by killing myself with formalities? 	I love you, brother. This life is my tribute to you. 	I drove back to the hotel. I was at an impasse. I had created this identity, and now I had nowhere to go. It was so anticlimactic. I had these documents that had confirmed my success. I was armed with these tools that told me I could go from here with the present that no one else could ever have: I have a new life. What am I going to do with it? 	What is my first step? We always think about the kinds of things we would do if we could do things over again. What we end up thinking of are things we would do eventually. Hidden advantages to having a new shot at life. But how do you start? Where do you begin? I am reborn at the age of 25. I am now getting everything I deserve. I just don’t know where to begin.	In reality, I guess I don’t have the chance to do anything over. Everything I’ve done, both as me and as him, has already been done. Can’t be undone. Ultimately, the power I have is to escape. Escape the old consequences. Escape my behavior. I get a new chance in this respect. 	This one’s for you, Dostoyevsky. My life is no morality play. I’ve paid the consequences for my behavior for the past 25 years. The consequence was the pathos of my life. You can’t imagine, Fyodor, how torturous it was to see a life literally identical to my own unfold before my very eyes, right along with my own life. His life was a constant reminder of how my life could have been. Had I made different choices, tried harder. If I had been more successful. Smarter.	No. We had the same brain. He was no smarter than I. If anything, yes, if anything, I used a greater amount of my intellectual capacity. He just seemed smarter because he was so charismatic. 	Jean-Paul Sartre, you are rolling in your grave. You advocated a life where man takes responsibility for his actions. I studied you in French literature. You decided that once we recognize that life is absurd, that we are going to die no matter what we do, we are free. When we decide that we must live anyway, we become free of the absurdity of existence, and the only way to proceed from there is to be authentic. Authentic in our acts, politically and socially engaged, and, above all, to take responsibility for our actions.	My life is one big fuck you.	Now this is about revenge.	Revenge on people who loved him more than me. Now it’s my turn to be loved. The price that you will all pay is simple. You will now love me. But you won’t know. I just don’t understand why you couldn’t have loved me in the first place. Ultimately, this is my revenge and only I know about it. I am going to manipulate all of you and none of you will ever know. You will not morn my death like you would have his, and you can all feel so nice and safe in knowing that the one you loved more survived.	Why don’t I feel guilty manipulating these people? These people that I love and have always wanted to love me in the same way they loved him? Simple. I deserve it. We’re no different, and now it’s my turn to be loved. It’s my turn to have all the opportunity. It’s my turn, and you will all give it to me. And you’ll be happy about it.	Yes, brother. Now I am glad you’re dead. I never could have been fully self-actualized while you were alive. If there was a chance to be had, you took it. An opportunity to be loved, you took it. You hindered my progress as a human being. I never could have accomplished anything living in your shadow. 	I tried everything I knew how. Trying to be better never worked. You set the bar so high that mom would always remind me how far behind you I was. I tried to be the black sheep, and everybody just waved a dismissive hand at me at a family reunion, and with that same hand, pinched your cheek or ruffled your hair. I couldn’t compete with you and I couldn’t withdraw from the competition. 	Now you can’t compete, and I win by default.	I win. You’re dead, and I’m alive. Now you’re me in death, and I’m you in life. You’ve lost in a way you didn’t even know was possible. 	Still I don’t know where to go from here. My first step should be testing it out. Yes. When Bruce Wayne became Batman, didn’t he have to test the limits of his power before he went out to fight crime. What am I capable of? Who can know? 	I have to tell dad. Dad’s the first. He’s my Guinea Pig. Mom always used to be able to tell us apart. Now she can’t. Dad’s the only one in the family alive. He told us when we were younger that when he put his hands on our faces side by side, he could feel who was who by comparison. But unless he had both of us together, he couldn’t tell. It was in our noses. My nose was slightly larger at the bridge, but if he didn’t have Aron’s to compare it to, we could have fooled him. And we did. 	Sometimes we’d dress up in each other’s clothes and come downstairs calling each other the other’s name. Mom would know right away, and she’d send us back upstairs. “You boys have to learn the implications of identity,” she would tell us from a very young age. “You can’t go around parading as the other one,” she would tell us. We’d roll our eyes. “I’m serious,” she would say with tears in her eyes. “You boys are beautiful as you are. You have to be yourselves. Always.	“You might think it’s funny if you try to parade around as each other. See if you can fool teachers or classmates. See what kind of trouble you can cause.” We laughed. “But you can’t do that. Whether or not you know it, you’d be living a lie. You don’t understand this now, but you will when you’re older. For now, you’ll be grounded for a month if I ever catch you doing that. Now go run upstairs and get changed. You’re going to be late for school.”	We’d run upstairs obediently and get changed, but at that point, we agreed we could get dad. We could fool him big time. 	When I was 11, I got grounded for my grades. But my friends were playing baseball in the sandlot after school, and it was a game that I couldn’t miss. After this time, Charlie Henderson and Mikey Thomason were moving away. This was the last game of the year, and it was for keeps. We were playing for the championships. I was the shortstop, and my team needed me. 	Mom was away on business, and dad was the only one home. I paid Aron five dollars to stay home and pretend to be me while I went out to play. “Come on,” I coaxed. “Just for two hours. You don’t have to do my homework or anything. You can just stay home. Just stay in our room and watch TV or something. I don’t care. But don’t tell dad.”	“Fine,” he said, huffing and grabbing the five dollar bill out of my hand.	I thanked him and ran downstairs. “Dad, it’s Aron,” I called. 	“Hi, Aron. What do you need? I’m working.” He was sitting at the table, running his fingers over the pages of one of the many books that were piled on the kitchen table. 	 “I’m going to go down to the creek to catch crawdads with Billy Harold.”	“Fine,” he said, looking at me. I started to run out the door, glove in hand. 	“Wait,” he said. “Aron, Moses is grounded. You guys aren’t playing some sort of trick on me, are you?”	“No, dad. Moses is in our room.”	“I don’t have time to compare you guys. I have this reading to do.”	I took his hand and put it to my face. “See, dad? It’s Aron.” He put his hand on my face and felt the bridge of my nose. I tried to control my heartbeat. He furrowed his brow as he felt, then his expression lightened.	“Okay, son. Have fun, but be back for dinner.”	“Sure, dad,” I said, running out the door.	I played my heart out that day on the baseball diamond. Two home runs, three RBI’s, two stolen bases. It was neck and neck, but I hit the last home run in the top of the last inning, and put us ahead by one run. The other team couldn’t take the pressure and played right into a triple play, which I orchestrated. 	Victory.	The kids cheered and patted on the back before hoisting me onto their shoulders. 	I was a fucking star, and it was the only time I was ever loved.	I ran all the way home, and made it in time and showered before dinner. Dad never knew.	“Did you catch any crawdads?” he asked me over spaghetti with meat sauce and garlic bread. 	“We caught a couple, but I gave them all to Billy,” I said. Aron rolled his eyes at me silently across the table, and I stuck my tongue out at him. 	We ran back upstairs after dinner.	“You shouldn’t have done that,” Aron scolded.	“Come on. It was the last game of the season. I was on fire. We won, Aron. We won.”	“That’s the last time I’m ever doing that for you,” he snapped indignantly. “We could’ve gotten into a lot of trouble. I don’t like lying. Not to dad, not to anyone.”	“Fine,” I agreed.	Here we are, brother. Don’t worry, you’re not a part of this. I’ve orchestrated it all. You’re clear from blame. But don’t you shed a tear. Nobody will ever know.	“Oh, that’s horrible about that Gottshalk boy,” they’d say. “But at least God spared the good one.” 	We’re all going to live our lives like nothing ever happened. 	Here I come, dad. I stepped on the gas. You’re where this project begins. You were part of where it began 20 years ago. Now it’s only fitting that this comes full circle. You have to know I’m dead and your favorite son, everyone’s favorite, is still alive. It figures that he’d survive the storm. He was the responsible one. He must have made some responsible choices, and he was unable to shepherd his brother into safety. If we’re going to have one of them, we’ve got the one with the good head on his shoulders.	Of course I know what you’re thinking. This isn’t conscious. Dad isn’t going to be glad that Moses is dead, per se. But there will be a part of him that will be relieved. There will be a part of the anxiety that, in trying to see the silver lining in the whole thing, will see that Moses died, and not Aron. Sure, he might even feel bad.  A bit guilty, perhaps. “You shouldn’t feel that way,” he’d think to himself. “It’s equally a tragedy that Moses is gone. I love him so. I’ll miss him. God rest his soul.” But there will be a part of him that won’t die. That won’t give up. That will still say with the tiniest voice you could imagine somewhere deep within his stomach, below his innards, his intestines. There’ll be a voice that says, “Well, if one of them was going to go...”	You have to be strong. You’re going to see that in everyone. Everyone that you break the news to is going to act that way. Dad, Johann, Helen. Obviously Helen. But you’ll have to watch your dad’s face as his heartbreak is somehow assuaged by the fact that the family will live on through Aron. Johann with mourn the death of Moses, but if he was going to be left with one friend. And Helen? God. Helen will be sad and all. Maybe even cry. But almost exclusively out of empathy. She’s a nice gal. But she didn’t give a shit about Moses. She could tell I hated her. Could see right through my looks. May have even known I was jealous. Mourn for Moses himself? Hardly.	I honestly believe that if mom was still alive and I had to break it to her...well, she’d be able to tell right away. She’d know. And that would be where I would really want to kill Moses off. If I saw her reaction to the death of her baby boy, to the death of Aron, I would want to stop existing.	She’d have the opposite reaction. First, she would be torn apart. Immobile. She would just be beside herself. Paralyzed. She would curse God for having taken her son. I would sit there and rub her back, hold her. She’d be shattered. Then, when it was all over, when it had passed enough for her to feel anything, we’re talking weeks here, there it would be. This tiny voice. It would be buried deep in the grief stages. It would maybe be in the anger phase. But something would ask her why God didn’t take me instead. 	I know the same guilt would overtake her, but she wouldn’t be able to help herself. She wouldn’t be able to stop it. Something inside of her would feel so robbed. And she would feel so deprived of a target; imagine Aron was stabbed, run over, burned alive, suffocated, drowned, a single bullet to the head, execution-style, hands tied, blindfolded, the whole thing taped and sent to the police from a serial killer, the third of its kind in a month. Just imagine. Mom would have someone to hate. Mom would have a square target for her pain. She could channel her heartache into a tangible, visceral form.			But an earthquake? What does she have? You’ll have to take this one up with God, lady. How hard would that be for her? I’ve always gone to church, she’d say. I’ve always been a good Christian. I go to mass, I go to confession. I even fast during lent. I read the Bible, I pray the rosary when I have the chance. How, God? How could you do this to me? It has been said, Jesus, that you work in mysterious ways. Well, excuse me for saying so, Lord, but forgive me for being unable to figure out this one. You’ve really outdone yourself this time, Jesus. This time, it’s pretty fucking mysterious how you could take my beloved son and leave me with a fuck-up version of him and pass that off as something I’m just supposed to accept as being for my own good. How are you going to turn this one around? I better have a fucking front row seat waiting for me behind those pearly gates. I’ll tell you what.	And that would kill me. I wouldn’t be able to watch that happen in her. I wouldn’t be able to watch her go through that. I would know exactly when that thought would occur to her. I would know how it would manifest.	She would begin to get rather cold to me. Every time I saw her, she’d act like she had a headache. I wouldn’t be able to make her happy. She’d snap at me. Be short with me. Ultimately, it would tear us apart. It would tear us apart and we’d be estranged for the rest of our lives.	I would never be able to pull it past her. And at a time like this, she’d hate me for trying it. “Who do you think I am? What kind of mother do you think doesn’t know her own sons apart? And curse you for lying to me at a time like this. Especially about this. May God have mercy on your soul. Have you no shame, son? This is no time for jokes. Your brother just died. What are you trying to do? Shame on you. Shame on you, Moses. 	But you, dad. You’re a special case. Now we’re grown up, you can’t compare the bridge of my nose to his, and even if you could, you’d forget minutes later. You’d forget, and it wouldn’t matter anyway. 	So why do I have to start with you? It’s the principle. I have to start this transition at ground zero. Your days are numbered, but you should know before you die that Moses died. Dad, Moses is dead. 	And sure he’ll cry. I mean, his son, not his biological son, but his stepson, but still the only son he’s known, the son he raised, the son he loved, died. 	They say no parent should be cursed with having to outlive their children. It’s horrible, but none of you will mourn me.	I stepped on the gas. 	Helen.	Helen, Moses died. I don’t know. We lost track of each other during the storm. There was a big struggle, confusion, somehow I got out and he didn’t. I don’t know. I panicked. Helen, I watched my brother die. 	Helen. 	Helen, let’s get out of here. Helen, fuck this city. I’ve always hated this city. Helen, there’s nothing here for me anymore. I’ve exhausted my resources. And what about you? Ever since you graduated, you’ve felt stuck here. You told me that night at the Calf. Honestly. I know that you’re here for your family, but your family will be your family no matter where you go. Helen, come away with me. Let’s leave this wreckage behind. We’ve done our part. There’s nothing left for us here. Sure, friends and family, but we want more than what this city can give us for our lives. Let us away.	Where? I don’t know. It doesn’t matter where. Anywhere but here. Helen, let’s go away. 	I stepped even harder on the gas.	Listen, just to try it. We can just take a road trip. I know I need a vacation. So do you. We deserve it after this past month. I need to be somewhere that’s not below sea level, and so do you. We can just get out there. Just to see. If you hate it, come back here. Come back with your family. 	I know I said I loved it. But now I’m starting to get disenchanted. Let’s leave. We can escape all of this suffering. This has nothing to do with us. This isn’t my city. We’ve helped clean it up. Let the government do the rest. It’s their job. We can’t sacrifice our lives. We have a chance to realize our dreams. This storm already took so much from us. It’s taken so many lives already. Don’t let it claim ours, too.	It doesn’t matter what hotel I stay in. I drove past the Bayou Motel. This’ll do. I jerked the wheel to the right and pulled in. 	Numb, I walked into the lobby. “Hi, I need a room for the night.”	“Just one night?”	“Yep. Just one.”	“You’re lucky, we’ve only got one room left, and it’s reserved tomorrow night.”	“That’s me. Lucky.”	I paid and grabbed the key.	Room 303. Huh. That’s a palindrome.	I walked in. I don’t know why they don’t just save hoteliers the trouble and make a nationwide mandate for hotel rooms. They all look the same anyway. Seems like it would save a lot of money in the design phase of hotel building if everything were already laid out. And already, I can’t tell this room apart from the last several I’ve stayed in.	I opened the desk drawer.	Gideon’s Bible. That’s original. The same pseudo-Biblical painting on the wall, the same mirror, the same bedspreads, carpet, bathroom layout.	Maybe it’s just in Louisiana. Entirely possible that down here on the Bayou, they figure you’re only sleeping here, so as long as it has a bed, there’s nothing to complain about.	I stared at myself in the mirror. My eyes looking into my eyes looking into my eyes looking into my eyes. “Hi, dad. How are you feeling?”	Do I even sound convincing? I don’t know who I am anymore. How can I pass of my identity to this man?	Who am I trying to be? Aron, or a better version of me? Do I really want to be him, or do I just covet what he has?	I sat on the bed.	What if I only want his privilege. His circumstances. His girlfriend. His opportunities. The love he got.	These things I could conceivably obtain. But what if I also want his passion? His discipline. His compassion. His care. Diligence. Talent. Charisma. Lust for life. His potential. His faith. Morality. Humility. Modesty. Magnanimity.	I could never have these. 	I would just have to play the part.	I still don’t understand how he could have all of these things and I don’t. Where did I go wrong? Was there something in the womb? Did he soak up all the extra nutrients?	“No!” I shouted out loud.	I refuse to believe he was superior to me. We are the same. We were equals. Whatever he have must be a front. Or, better yet, they must be qualities we both had that people only chose to see in him for some reason. Five minutes older and all the glory. It could have been either of us, brother.	I looked in the mirror. “Dad, there’s something I have to tell you.” I thought I could already feel his hand on my face. “Dad, Moses died in the storm.” 	“I don’t know.” 	“We lost track of each other during the storm. There was a big struggle, confusion, somehow I got out and he didn’t. I don’t know. I panicked.” 	Here, he would feel my eyes get wet. “I’m sorry, dad.” I would try to ignore the silver lining syndrome in him. 	I lay in one of the double beds and look up at the textured ceiling. I tried to make faces out of the seemingly random gobs of painted spackle. If I looked at it for long enough, they started to move. I’d rub my eyes, and they’d be back in the same places.	It reminded me of when I used to play this game with Ava Weiss.	“Ava, what does that cloud look like to you?” We were eight and laying on the grass at recess.	“A bunny.”	“And that one?”	“A wolf.”	“That’s a good one over there.”	“That looks like my dad with the hair of a lion.”	We laughed. I held her hand.	The next year she moved away.	I rolled over on my side and curled into the fetal position.		I’m on my way, dad. Tomorrow I’ll come, I’ll tell you what you’ll be able to remember. Then I’ll be free. I’ll walk out of your room, and I’ll be armed with a freedom that much more real, albeit less palpable, then I did when I had these documents; a driver’s license, a passport, these things won’t free me. Starting with you and confirming my identity to a few key people. This is what will free me.	I’m on my way.