Chapter 11: October 9, 2005	“Good morning, sleepyhead,” Helen said, waking me up with a kiss on the lips. I opened my eyes and looked at the clock. Almost noon. But it was okay. I deserved to sleep in. 	“It’s our first day off together,” I said, my stretching elongating the word “together.” “What do you want to do?”	“I don’t know,” Helen said perplexedly. 	I propped myself up on my pillow. “Why?” I asked. “What’s wrong?” 	“I don’t know. The house is kind of a mess.”	I grabbed her around the waist. “It’s okay. The mess can wait. Why don’t you lay down with me,” I said, lying back down.	“Aron, really. There are things we really have to do. I was hoping you’d do the dishes. I did them the past three days.”	I sobered up. “Of course I will, honey. But they’ll be there. I’ll do them. I just wanted to make the most of this day off.”	She got up and walked out of the room.	“Helen,” I said after her. I lay my head back down on the pillow and roll my eyes.		Standing up, I put on a pair of jeans that hung on the chair next to the bed. I walked toward the kitchen, following the sweet smell that filled the air.	Helen was standing by the stove, her arms folded.	“It smells great, honey,” I said, wrapping my arms around her from behind and kissing her neck.	“I made breakfast,” she said plainly. 	“Oh, that’s so nice of...”	“It’s been sitting here for over an hour. But I guess I can reheat it.”	I stopped like a soldier realizing he’s surrounded by land mines. “Yeah,” I said slowly. “I’m sure it’ll still be good.” Feeling out the territory. “And then we can get a start on the day. Do whatever you want.”	She didn’t respond. I let go.	After reheating the breakfast, blueberry pancakes, she brought it to the table. “I really appreciate the effort you put into making this,” I offered	“Thank you,” she said kindly. She was clearly distraught.	“What is it?” 	“I don’t know, Aron. I just...The house is a mess. I was just hoping we could get some things done today. But now the day’s almost over.”	I rubbed her shoulder. “Helen, it’s fine. The day is just beginning. I was tired, so I slept in. But it’s fine. We have plenty of time to do whatever needs to be done.”	“But then it’ll just pile up again. I...”	“Helen, we’re both working really hard. That’s why. It’s not indicative of anything more serious. We’re just both really busy.” She sighed and forked a small piece of lukewarm pancake into her mouth. “What upsets you about that?” I asked, unable to ascertain what was at the root of her problem.	“I don’t know,” she said, shrugging and looking down at her plate, melancholically stabbing her pancakes. I waited. “I don’t know,” she repeated, “I don’t know if this is exactly what I had pictured when I pictured starting our life together.”	“What are you talking about?”	“I don’t know. I mean, I love being here with you, and I love this city. I really do, it’s just that...”	“It’s just that what?” I asked, coaxing her along.	“It’s just that you work at a coffee shop and I work at a record store. I don’t understand why we couldn’t have done exactly what we’re doing now back home. Back home were we know everything. Back home where our family and friends are.”	“Well, you certainly have family back there,” I said almost bitterly.	“Oh, Aron, I didn’t mean that...”	“No, I understand what you’re saying,” I said, trying to maintain my temper. “And you’re right. We did know everything back home. And that’s why I had to leave. I needed to experience another beginning.”	“You keep saying that. What does that even mean?”	“It means that...” I paused, unsure how to express what I was feeling. “It means that I needed to be somewhere where I could get lost. I needed to see new scenery and be able to discover new parts of town as frequently as I wanted. I needed to see new faces and shop in new stores. I needed to walk down new streets. I needed not to smell the fucking smell of death wherever I go.” I furrowed my brow and searched her face for understanding.	“I understand that need,” she said at last. “But I just wonder if we couldn’t be helping.”	“We helped in every way we knew how. Sure we could still be volunteering to throw parts of people’s lives in the back of a dump truck for them to haul off God knows where, and then go home and feel good about ourselves for helping to ‘assuage the pain’ in our city, or whatever euphemism you want to use to mean ‘moving out the trash so they can again rebuild a city who’s seen its last days.’”	“But there’s still more we could have done.”	I sighed. “Of course there is, Helen. Of course there is. You’re absolutely right. But where would we draw the line? When do we get what we deserve?”	“What are you talking about? I was so much better off than almost anybody in that city. My house did not flood. I lost almost nothing. I’m not above helping other people.”	“Yeah, well I lost a lot.”	“I know you did, Aron. And I’m sorry for that. But you can’t keep being bitter toward that city for it. You also can’t keep being bitter toward me.”	“I know,” I said. “And I’m not. I just know that I wanted out of that city, and I wanted to be with you.”	“I wanted to be with you, too, Aron. But I’m not sure I should have left.”	I patted her on the shoulder. “I think you’re just hitting your first trough.”	“My first what?”	“Your first trough. Think about a sine curve,” I said, my finger dancing in illustrative waves past her head.	“Oh, Aron, what does trig have to do with all of this?”	“Nothing. Just listen. You’re hitting your first trough. Each sine wave has a peak and a trough. And when you make a major life decision like leaving town and moving somewhere else, you have peaks and troughs.”	“I’m missing the correlation,” she said. “You’re losing me.”	“Listen, all I’m saying is that happiness with a decision like this comes in waves. Sometimes, it’s wonderful. It’s really rewarding when you realize that you don’t need the safety net of a hometown anymore. When you realize that you’re living life on your own terms. And sometimes, that responsibility comes with hardship. You’re right. It’s not always easy to leave your city behind, and everything in it that you cared about. But I think ultimately, you’ll find this is a good decision. When you go back, everything back there will be waiting for you. Your family, everything. Everything you miss about that city will still be there any time you want to visit.”	“I know that, Aron. I know. And to a certain extent, you’re right. And I know that if I let you leave and didn’t come with you, I’d wonder what our lives could have been like together. And I’m enjoying my life with you. I really am. This has been great. I’m not going to say that I’m not glad I came with you. Because I know what my life would have been like out there.” She was breathing hard. “And I wonder if that’s not what I miss. That security. That stability that we don’t have here.”	“Helen, that’s what moving away from your family is all about. I know that it’s hard for you. But that can’t keep you from searching for your own identity independent of family ties.”	“I agree. And I think I really would have regretted it if I had just stayed there and never moved out. Never ventured beyond that safety net.”	“Yes. You’re right.” Now can we stop fighting?	“But I just don’t know if I was ready to leave.”	“Helen,” I said, putting my hand on her shoulder. “You’re not a slave here in Portland. If you feel like you had loose ends that you didn’t get a chance to tie up before you left, you’re welcome to go home. We can get you a ticket back there.”	“Aron, we can’t afford that.”	“We can put it on my credit card. It’s fine. I just don’t want you to feel like you’re a slave here. I know it may seem like working a shitty retail job is pointless. So if that’s not what you want, I just want you to be happy. I really think that you should go home if you’re not happy. I would support you to do that. You know that whatever decision you make I support. I don’t want you to stay here against your will.”	“Aron...Aron, I think that you should come back with me.” I groaned. “Really. I think we should go back together. It’ll be fine. You can go back to school, I can be with my family. There’d be a lot less pressure on us there.”		“Helen, that’s so unfair of you to do.”	“What?”	“You know very well that I can’t do that. When I left that city, I left for good. I’m not going back. I want you to go back if that’s what you want.” I paused. “But I can’t join you.”	Helen began to cry and ran into the bedroom. I sighed and followed her.	She was lying on the bed, curled up. “What is it?” I asked, sitting behind her and caressing her hair.	She turned to face me. “I just don’t know why we can’t be together.”	“We can,” I said, unsure of how to answer.	“No,” she said, and burst even further into tears. “I can’t stay here. I’m miserable out here.”	“I understand that,” I told her calmly. “And as much as I want to be with you, too, I understand if you’re unable to be out here. And I want you to be happy and go back home if that’s what you want to do. But you also have to be understanding of the fact that I can’t go back there.”	“I love you, Aron,” she said. I shivered. She hung her head in my chest and collapsed into tears. 	In retrospect, I still don’t think I realized at that point that this meant that we were going to have to leave each other’s company. 	I am going to have to go on without her. I’ve done all this work to get and to keep her, and we were so happy. 	I began to cry. 	“I’m sorry,” she said, weeping.	“You don’t have to be sorry,” I said. “I understand that you have to leave.”	She looked at me and stopped her tears. “Wait,” she said, suddenly sober. “I think we can do it.”	I started shaking my head, and she began gasping and groping for words. “No, it’ll work,” she said, wiping her eyes. “Listen, the record store isn’t all that bad. In fact, I really like it. The kids there are really nice. I can’t see myself doing it for a long time, but I think I just need to spend a little more time here.” I took a deep breath and looked at her through blurry eyes. “I’m just experiencing my first depression,” she confirmed calmly. “This happens. You feel alienated in a place far from home, and you get homesick sometimes. It comes in waves. I just need to sit back and brace myself for this.”	I kissed her. “Do you mean that?” I asked, still not sounding convinced. 	“Aron, I really want to try harder. I understand that I haven’t really liked it here, but before I just jump ship, I need to make sure that it’s really this place that’s holding me back, and not how much I miss home. 	I agreed, and we stayed up that night drinking wine and playing the new records she’d heard at work that day.	That night, I stayed up long after Helen fell asleep wondering if we were going to be able to reconcile our needs. I know that she might not be completely happy here yet, but I feel like she just needs time to adjust. It’s natural to feel estranged from your city. But when there’s a city like this just outside of these doors, how could you not forget a city like that? I don’t understand what there was to love about a city flanked by two rivers, laying in the cradle of all that is obscene and embarrassing about American culture. Sure your family is there, but...	I woke the next day with a newfound resolve. I was going to play a new game with the universe. The rules were simple: I was going to give up control. If there was one thing I had learned from the events of the past six weeks was that the only thing I could control was my sense of control. That is, all I had to do was realize that there was nothing I could do about anything, and I would stop feeling cheated when nothing went my way.	“Good morning,” Helen said kissing me on the bridge of my nose. “Ugh,” she let out, getting out of bed. “I so wish I didn’t have to work today.” 	“You work today?” I said, rubbing my eyes.	“Yeah. I work nine to four thirty. I thought I told you that,” she said, slightly disappointed.	Be disappointed. There’s nothing I can do about it.	“Okay,” I said, rolling back over. This is going to work like a dream.	“I’m hoping we can spend some time together when you get home from work today,” she said.	“Me, too,” I responded. “I’d really like that.”	She got out of bed and went about getting ready for the day. She was strangely silent and seemed almost to ignore my presence in bed, walking around me but never appearing to recognize my presence, or touch or kiss me as she walked by. 	That’s okay. There’s nothing I can do if you don’t want to kiss me.	There’s something about giving up control that is somehow paradoxically comforting. If there’s nothing you can control, then you end up feeling infinitely less cheated when things don’t go your way. You know the old saying that expectations breed disappointment. That’s only if you expect greatness. If you expect everything to be totally fucked up all the time, you’re seldom disappointed. And if something accidentally goes right, all the better. Meanwhile, give up control.	I must have fallen back asleep, because she awoke me with a cold kiss before leaving. “You work eleven to seven today, right?” she asked. 	“That’s right,” I said, questioning the unended cadence she seemed to form at the end of the question.	“Well, do you think you could...”	She said something, and without understanding what it was, I let it go. It didn’t necessarily sound like nagging, but I promised her I’d do it. It’s okay. I can’t help that you don’t like me to leave that room dirty...or whichever room it was. I rolled back over, and she huffed out of the room. “I’m going to miss my bus,” she said, almost to herself.	I rolled out of bed again around 9:30 and started to make some coffee. On my way to the kitchen, the family room looked a little scattered; my books were here and there. I deduced that this was the room she wanted me to clean. See? I deduced it after all. Everything’s under control. To the extent that it can be.	I had my coffee and half-assedly cleaned the room as I drank it, looking at the covers of my books as I picked them up. I didn’t even remember starting any of them: Global Warming and other Eco-Myths (that’s a joke), Youth In Revolt by C.D. Payne (was I really reading that?), The Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man (okay, that one I can admit to). 	I gingerly got dressed for work and began the morning commute. I was lucky to start at eleven; this meant I missed a great deal of the morning traffic. 	When I got to work, my manager seemed already to be in a bad mood. I disregarded it and went about my business, making lattés and soy cappuccinos artistic-looking more for my sake than for the customers’. 	At around 6:00, after the post-work rush subsided and the tips I had to show for it didn’t justify the number of quadruple shot non-fat decaf lattés I made without telling the customer to fuck off. My manager pulled me aside.	“Aron,” he began, “two of the customers today told me you were rude to them. Are you feeling okay?”	“I...” I began. I felt myself starting to get defensive, and the steam valve on me pulled itself. No. You know, it’s fine. Customers will be dicks, and there’s nothing I can do about it.	“You just seem so lethargic.”	“I don’t know,” I said, shrugging nonchalantly.	“I’m not too concerned about it, but you’ve got to at least try to be more pleasant to the customers. They expect it, and, frankly, so do I. I don’t think it’s asking too much. Do you?”	“I don’t know,” I said. That’s right. Let him get it out of his system. He’ll let up and then you can just clean up and go home.	“Do you even care at all about this job anymore?” he asked sincerely.	“I don’t know,” I said again.	“Just leave,” he said, pointing to the door.	“What about the rest of my shift?” I asked coolly. 	“Don’t worry about it. And don’t worry about tomorrow’s either. Or the next day. You get the picture.”	I took off my apron and dropped it on the floor. Grabbing my stuff from the back hall behind the bar, I exited out the back door and sat in my car.	It’s fine. There’ s nothing you can do about it. He was going to fire you anyway. Fuck that guy. Just let go of control.	I started to drive home, and it seemed like no radio stations were playing anything good. The college station was playing what seemed like the new Built to Spill record, and I just wasn’t in the mood. The classical station was news, the jazz station was Latin. See? Nothing you can do. Just let it go.	I drove numbly toward home. 	I felt slightly sick as I turned the corner and began down our street. I looked out my window and saw our neighbors’ houses scroll slowly past me. Slowing down, I furrowed my brow. It almost looked like there was a car parked on our side of the duplex. That can’t be. Helen doesn’t have a car.	In retrospect, I’m almost stunned at my naïveté. I got butterflies when I saw the car. I slowed to about 5 miles per hour and coasted in the middle of the street. I recognized the silver two-door Saturn coupe immediately.	Johann.	You son of a bitch. You did find me. I’m impressed. I’m sure I wasn’t that hard to find. A call to Helen’s parent’s would’ve given you a city, and maybe even an address. I didn’t think you’d go to these lengths, you tricky bastard.	I’d have recognized the car anywhere. On the bumper was a single sticker: a black line drawing on white vinyl of a famous rendering of Freidrich Nietzsche. The car was still in immaculate shape, as you would expect.	Well, here it is. The jig is up. Well played, you bastard. Well played.	I love you, Helen. I’m sorry and I’ll miss you.	I drove right past without stopping.