Chapter 2: August 22, 2005

	“I don’t understand what you don’t like about her, Moses.”
	“Too smart.”
	“I thought that was a virtue.”
	“Could be, but not with her. It makes her condescending and pretentious.”
	“You just met her.”
	“So did you, Aron, so how would you know any more than I do.”
	“Eyes on the road.”
	“I’m not a child.”
	We parked a block away and got out. Walking toward the door, we joined the back of a three-person line. “There’s never a line,” I said. “The Calf must be packed tonight.” Once in the door we looked around, taking in the crowd. By the time my visual sweep had returned to Aron, he was already advancing, walking sideways and passing through the maze of bodies. I looked beyond him to his destination and saw her. She rose in her seat to meet him. She didn’t so much as glance at me, but from where I stood they were two magnets, arms outstretched, drawing each other in. They pulled back when I broke from the crowd, his arm still around her waist. “Moses, you remember Helen,” he said, facetiously. 
	“Hi, Moses,” she said with a sweet micro curtsey.
	“Drinks?” I asked, addressing the situation in general, and not her in particular.
	“I’ll have a beer. Something light,” she said, undeterred.
	“Get me a 7 & 7,” Aron said.
	“Great!” I replied, making a guess at what someone having a good time might say.
	I crossed to the bar and stood ignored by the bartender who happily served new arrivals who ordered over my shoulders. She returned to conversation with her barback as after a commercial break, leaning in too far and laughing too loudly, resuming a story punctuated with lewd gestures. Her coworker was eating it up. We made brief eye contact that elicited only a dismissive pause in the gestured conversation. I took a step forward with eyebrows raised in what I hoped was an irritated look, but changed tactics to smile at the last minute, the irritation and attempted charm coming out muddled and awkward. She walked toward me, calling out her story's punchline over her shoulder, “And that, my friend, is why I don't want to know, even if I say I do.” She met me at the bar, her arms completely extended in an upside down V, palms on the bar's edge. I waited for her to ask me what I’d have. She didn’t. “A PBR, a 7 & 7, and a Guinness,” I said, taking the initiative. Turning her back, she made the drinks. “Seven,” she said. I threw down a 10 and put my hand up to protest an offer she didn’t make to give me change. I smiled but was met with deadpan disinterest, then she was back to laughing with the bareback. I laced my fingers around the three drinks, watching their contents as I walked gingerly to our table.
	I walked back toward the closed-off space where they were sitting. It was a large bar with three sections: a large rectangle where the bar and the pool table were found, flanked by two square sitting rooms full of assorted vintage furniture. When I made it back to the table in the segment to the right of the bar, Aron was saying something dramatic and Helen was gazing at him intently, turned squarely to face him, watching his every motion, eyes beaming. Exaggerating the difficulty of juggling the three glasses, I sat them on the table with an audible sigh of relief. “Thanks,” Aron said, briefly breaking character. Helen looked at me and softened her features in gratitude, smiling more with her ears and eyes than her mouth. It was an expression I would have loved in anybody else. They went back to their conversation.
	“It’s just this great community of artists and musicians,” he said. I opened my mouth to respond before realizing I had come into the conversation too late to offer any input. “But enough of that. To a good evening,” Aron said lifting his glass.
	“Hear, hear,” said Helen. I reluctantly lifted my pint and the three banged together, each spilling a tiny bit into the one next to it. 
	“I love this place,” Aron declared. 
	“Oh?” I said, inviting elaboration. Helen said nothing, but did not take her eyes off Aron.
	“It’s such a great community, a hub,” he proclaimed. “Some of my favorite artists and musicians drink here. There’s no pretension. Nobody in this city is too much of a rock star to come and have a beer with the rest of us.” He surveyed the room we were sitting in. “There. Isn’t that that flugelhorn player that plays with Ron Joseph?”
	“Dan Jacobs,” Helen said, feeding him the line without missing a beat.
	“Yes, thank you. So there’s Dan Jacobs, and...and...” He looked around, looking for further supporting evidence. “There. That woman with the...” he said, pointing to the crown of his head and stirring his hands around. I looked at him puzzled for a second, then realized he was talking about a hairstyle. I glanced around and quickly identified it, and recognized the woman. I opened my mouth, sure that by the time words came I could think of who she was. Helen got there first. “Bertha Brown,” she said, moving the jaw that was resting on her cradle her palms made, eyes still glued to my brother.
	“Yeah, Bertha Brown. She’s one of the better jazz vocalists in town. And we’re all here. Together. It’s a community.” He paused a moment, considering, then patted around his waist, looking for his keys. Unclipping them from a belt loop on his hip, he stood, pushing back his chair. With one stride, he stood on the chair, clinking his keys against his glass. “Excuse me, everyone! Excuse me!” he called. Helen was transfixed. I shielded my eyes so as not do draw attention to myself, as though at this point I could have drawn even an errant stare away from his commanding presence.
	“I just want to tell you all that I love this place, and I love all of you,” he said, as the crowd calmed to a quiet rumble. I sighed, anticipating the sympathy applause everyone would give him before going back to their conversations. I heard nothing. I waited a moment longer before glancing through my fingers to find the reason for the silence. His audience was now still, awaiting further oration. “I love being part of this community, here with you guys. I’m so glad we’re all here. I love all of you.” He paused, and then: “Let’s hear it for the Golden Calf!” Everyone cried out at his queue, lifting their drinks and clanking the glasses together in raucous celebration. You’d have thought it was Mardi Gras or something. As he stepped down, a few guys came up to pat him on the shoulder or give him a high-five. I shook my head in disgust and more than a little inward wonder. He sat again and the crowd receded to once again make up the noise around us.
	Helen hadn’t moved from her pose, her chin still propped in her palms, her fingers curled against her cheeks. She shook her head slightly in amazement, eyes wide. “You’re incredible.” She was radiant. “So charismatic.” 
	I hated that word, and her for saying it. He hears it all the time. Somehow, he was endowed at birth with the power to captivate audiences. I’ve resented him for it since our childhood. We look so similar that no one could tell us apart. Until we spoke. There’s something about him that enthralls his listeners. The gravest injustice, I’ve always found, is that I’ve always had the better ideas. I’ve been inexplicably given the brilliance and no vocal vehicle. I’m the only person who knows I’m brilliant.
	Aron, on the other hand, is a total anomaly. He could walk into the ER and read his grocery list to a group of surgeons performing open-heart surgery, and the whole room would drop everything hang on his every word.
	I still watch the tape. There we were, five years old in the living room of our first house. Our parents had dinner guests, and it was almost our bedtime. But we stayed up just so we could sing the songs we had just learned in Ms. Brown’s first grade class. It was a whole production. We were in our room just before the performance, practicing the second verse, and I remember thinking that I was going to just capture the stage. I was going to sing “The Itsy, Bitsy Spider,” and Aron had prepared “I’m a Little Teapot.” I had an inkling that my song was more profound than his even that night. I mean, really. What does “I’m a Little Teapot” offer grown up audiences? It’s so vapid in terms of subject matter. “The Itsy, Bitsy Spider” has infinitely more depth as a character. He gets deterred from his goal by matters out of his control, yet when the ideal conditions exist again, he perseveres, for Christ’s sake. I had it made. 
	Anyway, the tape begins with us coming out to thunderous applause. More thunderous than you would think four couples could make. But they were all mom and dad’s age and, I suspect, having kids of their own. We had that going for us, too. These people would’ve loved anything we did. Their kids were our same age, being put to bed by three adolescent babysitters in different parts of town that very moment. We were invincible.
	So I come out, calm and confident. I began the song. “The itsy, bitsy spider crawled up the waterspout,” I chanted, paying close attention to my scaling thumb and index fingers. It was automatic. I was golden. “Out came the rain and washed the spider out,” I sang adorably, motioning the apocalypse. I was on a roll.
	Then nothing. 
	Dead air. 
	It was one of those old 80s camcorders where the time counter is on the tape no matter what you do. I’ve watched the tape hundreds of times. The counter clicks off three of the longest seconds in my life. “Out came the sun,” my mom whispered from across the room. I tried desperately to get back on track. “Out came the sun and dried up all the rain,” I mumbled, dragging toward the finish, anxious just to get the attention off of me. “And the itsy, bitsy spider crawled up the spout again.” I made no motions this time, signaling the spider’s modest victory only symbolically. The polite applause covered my last few words. 
	Aron took this as his cue and walks out from the hall and stands right in front of me. I just stand there behind him, dumbfounded. One of the most humiliating parts comes at this point. The lens mechanism, true to form for a component in a camcorder of the era, is taken by surprise by a new subject in the shot, and goes blurry for a second. Then the autofocus mechanism kicks in, and focuses anew on Aron’s shining face: a baptism.
	“I’m a little teapot, short and stout,” begins Aron, right fist firmly against his hip, left arm crooked twice, spoutlike by his side. “Here is my handle,” he sings, motioning indicatively with a nod of his head to his right, “and here is my spout,” he croons, with an opposite nod. “When I get all boiled up, hear me shout.” By this point, he is just milking them. “Whooooooo,” he improvised, imitating a tea kettle. Chuckles in the audience. They were eating it up. “Tip me over and pour me out.” 
	This is the point where I cringe and turn away. There’s this brief pause, and if you look really closely, you can see me begin to puff up, confident that somehow, he had failed miserably as well. Then, a voice from off camera: “Bravo!” cries a voice I know can only belong to Mr. Richter, a longtime friend of my mother’s. That ignites a thunderous applause that overwhelms me to this day. 
	This is the worst part.
	Aron thrusts both of his fists against his sides like a goddamn superhero and holds the pose for a moment before running off the shot. The cameraman pans with him and catches him just as he jumps into the air, swept up by my dad’s outreached arms. They hug, and in this sickening moment, dad absorbs the momentum and spins around. You’d have thought it was a Hallmark commercial. But here’s the kicker. Just before the tape catches the legendary hug, you see me fall to my knees, disgraced, and draw my hands up to my face. It’s pathetic. I hate that kid every time I watch.
	Then the tape gives way to static.
	“Moses? Moses, are you okay?”
	I shook my head in a quick jerk. “What?”
	“You've pretty much shredded your coaster.”
	“Yeah, I’m fine.” I pushed the damp curls of cardboard into a pile.
	“Your eyes were just glazed over. What were you thinking about?” Helen inquired charmingly.
	“Nothing, forget it,” I retorted, glaring at her.
	“So, hey, did you guys hear about that storm that’s brewing off the coast of the Bahamas? I just saw it today on the Weather Channel. They say there’s like a ten percent chance that it’ll come this way, but it shouldn’t be too strong. I don’t know, though.”
	“I hate hurricane season,” Helen said with a pantomime shiver.
	“I’m never overly worried about it,” said Aron, pushing back in his chair. “I know about the potential that this whole city has to be completely buried, but it’s been here since the French settled here in the eighteenth century. It’s never been completely destroyed before. And what little parts we’ve lost have been rebuilt. I think we can survive anything.”
	“I disagree,” I said, quickly finding the holes in his reasoning. “Global warming is a huge mess right now. This affects us in two ways. First, the melting of the polar ice caps causes significant increases in the worldwide ocean levels. For a city like this, that’s impractically situated below sea level with archaic safety measures in place that are based on previously undaunting sea levels, that could mean disaster. Second, hurricanes are the result of the heat released when moist, tropical air rises and the vapor in it condenses. Because of global warming, we’re experiencing not only a rise in global sea levels, but a worldwide increase in average temperature. What does that tell you?” I looked authoritatively at the two of them, half expecting an asinine response I could attack. They were dumbfounded. “It tells you that because hot air rises and the average temperature is increasing, hot air is going to rise at a faster rate. When this happens over tropical bodies of water like those surrounding us, that is going to cause a greater volume of water vapor because of the evaporation of ocean waters. So we have more rising hot air and more condensing water vapor. This place is a hurricane cauldron, a collection of the ideal circumstances for hurricanes.”
	“Well thank you professor! If you're that sure we're all going to be destroyed, you could always leave,” Aron said, clearly impressed by his quick comeback. 
	“What a clever and scientific retort, Mr. Gottschalk,” I said. “Might I borrow the research team you amassed to develop that gem?”
	“I don’t think you need them, judging by the encyclopedic bombshell you just hit us with,” Helen responded sweetly.
	“Yeah, Einstein. Shouldn’t you be getting back to your laboratory,” then, pausing for effect and to calculate the most insulting addition, “to work on your Fulbright application?”
	“Fuck you,” I said, narrowing my eyes.
	“Wait, what?,” Helen asked.
	“Aron must not have told you,” I said bitterly. “Aron, would you like to tell Helen what you’re talking about?” I asked, eyes still on Aron.
	“Oh, it’s nothing,” he said humbly.
	“Please?” said Helen and put her hand on Aron's arm.
	“Well, Moses and I are both applying for Fulbright scholarships at present.”
	“Oh my God! That’s so exciting,” Helen exclaimed predictably. “Where and for what?”
	“Yeah, Aron. Where and for what?” I asked, icily mocking. I wanted to hear him present his proposal and mine together, so that he could see how ridiculous his sounded in comparison to mine.
	“My proposal is to study the lasting effects of communism and socialism in the former Soviet republics.”
	Without missing a beat, I beamed and jumped in: “I’m proposing a sociolinguistic look at the diglossia created by the colonial language in the former French colonies of North Africa.”
	“Communism and socialism?” Helen said, the concepts turning over in her mind. “That sounds so interesting,” she breathed, transfixed. And then, as an afterthought, “So does yours, Moses. What is diglossia?”
	“It’s the linguistic and political situation created in an area of language contact between two languages when one of them is the more formal and accepted language and the other is considered the substandard dialect of the uneducated.”
	“That sounds great,” she offered, by way of consolation.
	“Thanks,” I said politely. I was humiliated that she felt that I needed her to patronize me.
	“So what made you want to study those two political ideals,” she asked and turned toward Aron.
	“They’ve always sounded interesting to me as alternatives to our capitalist regime,” he said idealistically, trying to sound emotionally invested in the idea. Then he broke into a grin: “That, and I’ve always wanted to visit.”
	“Hmm,” I said contemplatively. “Don’t you think that’s a bit narrow and Eurocentric, considering your background both ethnically and educationally?”
	“Don’t you think yours is a bit abstract and broad, lacking in clear purpose?” he shot back as though he’d been working on that one all goddamn day.
	“Boys, boys. Calm down. I think they’re both great ideas. I’m sure you’ll both get them. They sound like great proposals.”
	“Yeah, if I can get my essay in,” I mumbled.
	“Is that what you’re having trouble with?” she asked reaching across the table but stopping short of my elbow.
	“Yes, and that’s why this asshole’s comment was so out of line,” I snapped, pointing across the table at my twin, as though into a mirror.
	“Well, where do you feel you're getting the most stuck?” she prodded, managing to sound genuinely interested. I sank in my chair and took a giant swig of my thick ale.
	“Aron’s right. It’s a solid idea, but it’s too abstract. I realized it when I got to the essay. I’m having trouble communicating just what I want to study. Why I want to go there. It makes so much sense to me, but when I try to transmit it onto the page, I lose all sense of being articulate. I get so mired in my verbosity. It’s why nobody ever understands me.”
	“You’ll be fine, Moses,” Aron reassured me. “I’m sure they’ll get that your interest is sincere.” He sounded sorry but very much like he'd like the topic to change. 
	“I hope so,” I concluded, swigging the last of the draught that remained in my glass. “I’m going to grab another drink. I just want to unwind. It was such a hellish week finishing that essay.”
	“Aha! The rivalry comes to a head!” Helen said, slapping her palms on the table.
	“Yeah,” I said, feeling like she was getting too close to what were old and personal things. “His intent of purpose is complete. Interview with the campus committee in a few weeks. Letters of recommendation being written as we speak. A regular All American.”
	“Cheer up, champ. You’re in great shape, barring unforeseen circumstances.” Aron's confidence was catching, even to me. 
	“Yeah, I'll be fine. Anybody want anything while I’m up?” I asked with a raised glass, signaling another round. 
	“No, thanks." Helen covered her glass.
	“Definitely,” said Aron.
	The night crept on and Aron ordered several more drinks. I slowly nursed a second Guinness. Helen didn’t have anything else but water. I was convinced it was because she wanted to stay lucid enough to take in Aron’s every word. It made me sick.
	It made me sick because I'd been watching this scene play out my entire life. We were cut from the same DNA, so it had never made sense that we’d be so incredibly different. What I couldn't figure out is where we went wrong, or rather, where I went wrong. I just remembered that we’d been different since childhood. And I have the tape to prove it. It’s something I look at with bitterness and dissatisfaction. I feel we’ve always known that I’m the one with the stronger ideas, though I can never seem to make him admit it. Still, I think I threaten him. I wonder how much he recognized this struggle and how much that conversation at the bar underlined it again and again. 
	After a few hours of watching their exclusive dialogue, I called it. “I think you’ve had a bit too much to drink, cowboy,” I said. “Let’s get up and go.”
	“No, man. I’m just starting to have a good time,” Aron said, beginning to slur his words. 
	“Really, I think we should take off.”
	“Okay, dad,” Aron shot back belligerently. He stood up and quickly lost his balance. “Oops!” he cried, breaking out into laughter. Helen laughed too, adoring him even when he was being ridiculous. I had hoped for more from her, hoped she might join my side by this point. “Hey there, little brother, do you think you could close out my tab for me?”
	“Have you had so much to drink that you can’t even take responsibility for it?” I asked, disgusted.
	“No, I’m just saying sign for me.”
	“Oh, forgery. That’ll be a good one to add to the list of debauchery I’m sure you’ll rack up by night’s end.”
	“That’s absurd,” he said, for some reason employing an inconsistent English accent and dismissing me with a wave that threatened his balance again. “Take my ID. I left my credit card at the bar. Just go do it so we can get out of here.”
	It was the last thing I wanted to do but figured it merited the trouble just to to get him home, and quietly. This type of thing always made me nervous. My chest was tight and my stomach shuddered. I couldn’t understand why he had to be such a child. I approached the bartender and casually stated, “I’d like to close out the Gottschalk tab.” She turned to the mirror above the bar and flipped through the thirty-odd credit cards taped there.
	“Thirty-eight forty-seven,” she called out, much more loudly than necessary. Jesus Christ, I thought to myself. Another deposit in the give-myself-cirrhosis fund. Way to go, Aron. She turned the card over as an afterthought, having already run it. Aron had signed it and written the letters “C.I.D.” on the back, surely patting himself on the back at his clever shorthand. I rolled my eyes. “You got I.D. there, son?” the she asked, trying to sound authoritarian but giving me the smile I had fished for earlier. I didn't care anymore.
	“Sure,” I said, trying to control my shaky hands. I passed her Aron’s driver’s license. “You've got longer hair now, huh?” she asked, peering at me over the picture. 
	You caught me, detective. “Um, yeah. It grew.” I offered. 
	“Same face though,” she said, congratulating herself on protecting my brother from the identity theft that may as well have just occurred. 
	“Just doing my job,” she added. Another citizen safe I thought to myself.
	The receipt printed out, and she gave it to me with a short golf pencil, keeping the card, watching the signature as I got ready to sign the receipt. Was she bored or gunning for some kind of award?
	It didn't matter. This was where my hand stopped shaking. The easiest part. True, I could’ve signed it however I wanted. Like this lady was going to nab me and win a medal and the key to the city. Still, Aron’s signature was cake to forge. I had told him before he needed to change it. “It suits me fine,” he would always say defensively. It was brash and childish, so in a sense he was right. A large, geometrical A, followed by an arching G and straight line, a period nicely capping  the end. A. Gottschalk, ostensibly. But he didn’t even write his full name.
	“That’s you, alright,” said the bartender in an vaguely singsong voice. I gave her a fake chuckle and turned around, sighing deeply and shaking my head.
	Walking back to the table, I could see them entangled from the other side of the bar. Couldn’t even wait until you got home, fuckers. 
	“Okay, we’re all set,” I called obnoxiously. They sprang up like I was one of their mothers walking in on their feeble teenage attempt at carnality.
	“No trouble, I guess,” Aron said with a grin.
	“From lady Burt Reynolds over there?” I asked, pointing over to the bar with my chin. “Hardly.”
	“So, Moses, you’re cool to drive my car home, right?” Aron asked furtively, unsure in his drunken stupor just how insinuative he needed to be for me to get the message. 
	“I’m okay to drive,” Helen said, smiling. “I didn’t drink much.”
	You didn’t have much to drink, but you’re sure drunk on my brother. 
	“Great,” I retorted, cocking my head perkily. 
	“Heads up,” Aron called, tossing his keys in what he assumed was my general direction. In a brilliant display of his motor skill impairment, the keys careened wildly past me, landing on the floor and sliding another five or six feet, under a table against the wall. Seeing that I’d have to walk a bit and crawl under the table to retrieve them, Aron hammed it up like it was the funniest goddamn thing he had ever seen. I shot a defiant middle finger his way that he didn’t even see; he was almost in tears by this point.
	Crawling under the table, I reached for the keys. Fuck you, asshole. I grabbed them and stood up. Without even shooting a glance their way, I walked out. I got about halfway down the block before I heard the bar door swing open. 
	“Oh come on, bro!” Aron called childishly, bursting into laughter. I could tell by his voice that Helen was supporting his weight, his arm around her shoulder. I again thrust my middle finger up, taking care to make it visible to them over my shoulder. He seemed to laugh harder in response, so I turned around to tell him what I thought of him and his sweet and loyal too-smart puppy dog. But they weren't even looking at me anymore, they were talking with another girl who had gorgeous black hair and a face that I’d swear I'd seen before. A friend of Helen’s, presumably as she seemed to be introducing her to Aron. Whatever. I spun around and got the hell away from that laughing lot.
	I found his car down the block, and, after using the “special technique,” as he referred to the arbitrary jiggling method you had to use to get the door to unlock, I climbed in and slammed the door. I sat staring at the steering wheel, fuming. “Fuck that guy,” I yelled, banging the steering wheel with both fists. I surprised myself with the volume of my own voice. I breathed short, sharp breaths, calming myself down. I turned the key in the ignition. Black is what I wear on the outside because black is how I feel on the inside, crooned Morrissey from the car’s junky speakers. “The Smiths,” I said, pretending to sound impressed. “Real original.”
	I sped off.
