Chapter 7: September 12th, 2005	I woke up early and looked over at Helen. Her form rose and fell with her breaths. Her beautiful brown hair fell down her neck and snaked down the pillow. “I don’t deserve you,” I whispered. She answered with a rise and fall of her ribs. This form next to me gave me a new resolve. 	I looked over at Gerlinde, who looked back at me. “This is my chance,” she must’ve said to herself, getting up and whining at the door.	“Do you need to go out, girl?” I asked. Helen rolled over. I crawled out of bed quietly. Opening the door, I snuck out onto the landing and shut the door behind me. Gerlinde ran downstairs and waited at the front door. I looked at her and she at me. “No leash,” I said, shrugging. She yipped and danced on her front legs. “Okay, okay,” I said. “I’ll find something.” 	I walked toward the kitchen in search of twine, rope, anything. She followed me closely. “I know, I know,” I said. “I’m looking.” A look in one drawer revealed silverware, then what looked like appliance manuals, a third tin foil and wax paper. I opened the pantry door. “Aha,” I said to Gerlinde. A spool of twine hung on a nail just inside the door. 	Taking it off the hook, I grabbed the scissors off of the counter top and measured out two lengths of one arm to another arm. I cut this in half. Reaching down to her collar, I tied one around the ring her tags were on. I tied the other for good measure. “Okay,” I said. “Let’s go.” She pranced about in circles excitedly as I led her to the door. I placed my hand on the knob, praying that she would be well behaved and two thick pieces of twine were enough to keep her from darting away. 	We walked outside, and she was remarkably well behaved. She sniffed around the front lawn until she found a suitable place to urinate. I watched her and she looked back at me shamelessly. Then across the street. Back and forth. She was almost human in her mannerisms, and made no apologies. I continued to watch her, thanking her to myself for being so well behaved. I had hoped that Helen would recognize my effort, although I knew that a good deed could be quickly made into a devastating act. All Gerlinde had to do was revert to the aggressiveness I had seen her exhibit not twenty-four hours before, and it was all over. But nothing.	She finished up gracefully and ran back to my side. “That was easy,” I said to her. “Let’s go back inside.” I walked with her back to the front door, and we entered. I walked her back to the kitchen to untie her and find something to give her for having mercy on me. I found a couple of saltines in the pantry. “Here you go,” I said to her, putting them on the floor in front of her. She sniffed them discerningly. “They not good enough for you?” I said jokingly. She licked one and apparently appreciated the saltiness. She quickly devoured the two crackers and looked up at me. “I don’t have anything else,” I said, petting her. I closed the pantry door and walked back into the sitting room, where Helen met me. 	She grabbed my face before I could say anything and kissing me hard. I drew back when she let go, stunned. “Thank you,” she said sweetly.	“Of course,” I said.	“That was nice of him, wasn’t it?” she asked Gerlinde, who had run over to her for attention, which she freely gave. I knelt down to get a kiss from our companion.	“It was no problem,” I said, trying awkwardly to use a cuddly-cute voice. It wasn’t something I had an incredible amount of experience with, but it apparently sounded convincing. “Are you hungry?” I asked Helen. 	“Yeah, but I don’t know if we have anything,” she said.	“I was thinking I could make breakfast for the three of us,” I said.	“To what do I owe this pleasure,” Helen asked, approaching me and bunching her arms into her chest and standing against me. I put my arms around her.	“The pleasure is all mine,” I said, kissing her on the forehead. 	“Do you need any help?” she asked sweetly. 	“It’s wonderful of you to offer,” I said, “but no. I wanted to make it for the two of you. You’ve been so good to me.” She stood and smiled wide at me for a second, then turned and ran up the stairs.	I walked into the kitchen and found 5 eggs left in the refrigerator. “Omelets,” I said in a rush of inspiration. A can of stewed tomatoes in the pantry became fodder. A few slices of cheese. I worked it together as beautifully as I could. 	Finally, I finished and placed the three forms onto three separate plates. I had always loved to cook, but my talent had been somewhat hit or miss. Yet these three folds of egg looked appetizing. 	“Girls, breakfast,” I called pleasantly up the stairs. Helen came out onto the landing and placed her hands on the banister as she looked over it at me. It almost seemed like words were on her lips, but she didn’t let them escape. Instead, she skipped down the stairs and held her arms out to me. We embraced. Her hair smelled angelic.	Phil came out onto the landing, rubbing her eyes. “What?” she said, half crakily. “Breakfast is ready,” I said.	“What?” she asked, confused. She stood in her oversize t-shirt that reached mid thigh. It was purple and the writing was faded from the front. 	“Come downstairs,” I said enticingly.	“Hold on,” she said, still frowning. She turned and walked back into her room. 	“Better brew some coffee,” Helen said to me, pointing with a nod of her head toward Phil’s room and snickering.	“You’re probably right,” I said. 	Phil came down shortly, and her omelet and cup of coffee were waiting for her on the kitchen table. “I hope you don’t mind we started without you,” I said politely. 	“What’s gotten into him?” Phil said to Helen. Helen smiled.	“Oh come on,” I said, chuckling. “I wasn’t nice before?”	“No, I just mean,” Phil began. Then she laughed. We all laughed.	“By the way,” I added, “I didn’t know how you wanted your coffee, so I just left it black. Can I get you some milk or sugar or something?”	“That’s okay, Prince Charming,” she said to me suspiciously. Helen reached over and rubbed my thigh. 	“I think it’s cute,” she said, taking a bite of her breakfast. 	“Thank you,” I said back, meeting her eyes.	After breakfast, I collected the plates. “Let’s go for a walk with Gerlinde,” I said to Helen. 	“Wow,” she said. “You’re sure laying it on thick.” I just smiled. “Sure,” she said. “That sounds nice.”	I told her about the makeshift leash I had made for Gerlinde that morning, and she told me that she happened to have a leash in her car. “How’s that?” I asked in disbelief.	“I used to keep it in there in case I came across a dog in the street or something,” she said. “I wanted to be able to get them back to their guardians. I know how heartbroken I would feel if I lost my dog,” she said. “I’m pretty sure I still have it,” she said. She ran out to her car while I knelt down to pet Gerlinde.	“Let’s go for a walk,” I said.	Helen came back in with the leash. “Okay,” she said. “You guys ready?” I looked down at Gerlinde.	“All set,” I said.	We walked out of the house and down the block. The heat was already sweltering, but it felt nice to get outdoors. I looked at my two walking companions, and in spite of the suffering that was occurring in this city, I was encouraged by the sunlight. By Helen’s proximity to me. By Gerlinde’s obedience. After all, most people were rebuilding by now. And though my desire to live in this city has long since disappeared, my understanding of the human condition relied on us and our fellow city-dwellers to get on with our lives.	We had all lost something. Something important to us. Something individual. If not a brother, hope. If not a wife, security. If not our house, optimism. If not our car, the will to love. Still, we all had to regain what we lost materially by replacing it emotionally. I had no desire to continue to live in this city, but Helen was right. It was not because of fear of the storm, but rather the desire to start from scratch. Somewhere else. Somewhere with seasons. What I had lost I had replaced. 	“I’m leaving and I want you to come,” I said at last.	“What? Is that what all this sweetness is about?” She was half joking. “Taking the dog out, breakfast?”	“Give me some credit, Helen,” I said, trying to match her tone but let her know I was serious. “I do these things because I care about you. I apologize for not really having the emotional wherewithal to treat you how I should for the past few days. But I’ve been thinking, and I feel new.”		“What do you mean?”	“I’m in love with you, Helen.” I held my breath.	“Jesus Christ, Aron. What a time to hit me with that.” I was having trouble reading her tone. 	“I’m sorry, Helen,” I said genuinely. “I don’t have a tact filter for my feelings. Does that upset you?”	“Not at all,” she said, frustratedly. “Of course I’m falling in love with you, too. But I’m not sure I’m ready to leave. I told you that.”	“I know. But I decided that it’s time for me. I can’t live here anymore.”	“I don’t want this storm to be the reason I left.”	“After I heard you say that the last time, I decided that I didn’t, either.”	“Then why?” she asked exasperatedly. I’d never seen her like this. But it was refreshing. She’s always been so in control. It was nice to see her giving in to feelings.	“I’ve always known that there’s more in the world than this city can offer me. It’s why I applied for the Fulbright. It’s why I’ve always wanted to leave. I’ve lost a lot in this storm, and now I have nothing holding me here.”	She kept walking. “I know that feeling,” she said as much to herself as to me. She looked down at our feet. She took a breath, then began. “My family was so worried about me staying here. They evacuated, and I know they’re waiting to begin their lives here again when they get back.” She paused. “Family is so important to me, Aron. My parents are still married, for Christ’s sake.”	“Being apart from them doesn’t mean severing that bond,” I said.	“You’re right. But I think I’ve always been afraid to leave them.”	“How does that differ from being afraid of another hurricane? You told me that you didn’t want fear to be why you left here. Now it’s making you stay.” 	She said nothing. We kept walking. “You’re right,” she said finally. “Look, Aron. It’s not that I don’t want to leave with you. I’ve been feeling like you for so long. There’s something in the heat that makes me lethargic. I’ve never been able to leave. But now that I’m not in school anymore, I feel like I’ve exhausted my resources in this town.”	“I know what you mean. So let’s go somewhere and see what life is like outside of this fucking swamp,” I implored.	“Where would we go?” 	“Anywhere. Seattle. Denver. Chicago. New York.”	“I don’t even know what I want to do.”	“But whatever it is, are you doing it here?”	“No,” she admitted.	“Listen, this tempest took something away from you, too,” I said, letting her into my internal monologue. “It took the veil off of your eyes and showed you that you’re not staying here for yourself anymore, but for your family. Is that what you want?”	“No,” she repeated.	“You’re the most self-actualized person I know. You have this relationship with animals, you’re caring and confident, independent. How is it that in this circumstance, you’re not making choices for yourself?”	“I’ve always thought for myself,” she said. “Ever since I was young, I’ve made my own decisions. But when we were kids, our parents taught us that our family is the most important thing. Somehow that still takes precedence over myself.”	“It’s understandable. But say your family comes back. Say you start to rebuild. Whatever that means to you. Where do you go from there? What have you rebuilt to? If this discontent has been growing for you, too, then what is keeping you here? More importantly, what else is out there that hasn’t reached you yet? There’s no way to know.”	“Okay. You’re right. I can only see myself deluding myself into the idea that family is all I need to keep me happy for so long. So say we move away. What do I do then?”	“Anything you want,” I said emphatically. “That’s exactly it. You’ve amazed me since we met. You could do anything. What have you always wanted to do?”	“I don’t know. That’s the problem. Why would I go somewhere else and not make any progress when I could do nothing here? Here where my family is. Here where I know everything.”	“But you’d never know what you could do anywhere else until you got there. What do you have to lose? Your family is your family. They’ll be here if you leave and hate it and decide to come back. Don’t you owe it to yourself to see what else you could do with your life?”	“What about your scholarship?” she asked.	“What about it?”	“Let’s say you get it. Then what? We’ve left, gotten settled in somewhere. And now it’s time for Aron to go to Eastern Europe. Then what?”		“Then come with me,” I said simply.	“I can’t just go gallivanting around the world,” she said as though it were the most absurd thing she had ever heard.	“Why not? The only thing you have anchoring you here is the only thing that won’t change no matter where you are in the world.” She sighed. “Look. I’m not asking you to come everywhere with me. I’m just asking to you consider it. We could get a little apartment somewhere. A place that allows dogs. Bring Gerlinde. Explore outside of the levees, canals, and swampland. Just to see.”	She stopped walking and collapsed into tears. I hugged her and put my chin on the crown of her head. “Let’s go back,” I said. She pulled lightly on Gerlinde’s leash, and the three of us turned back for Phil’s place. 	We were silent all the way back. I wondered what she was thinking. I wondered if I could leave without her. I had to go. For several reasons. I didn’t want to leave without her, but I couldn’t stay in town. 	We got in the door, and Helen let Gerlinde off the leash, who wandered around to find a place to lay down. “I’m tired,” Helen said, dreary-eyed.	“Let’s take a nap,” I suggested. We went upstairs to lie down. 		“I’ve always wanted to see Portland,” she said. I opened my eyes.	“What?”	“Portland,” she said. “I’ve heard it’s really nice.” I rolled over. She was smiling brightly. 	“They call it the city of roses,” I said. “It must be.”	“When would you want to leave?” 	I looked at my watch. “About seven, seven thirty.”	She laughed. “No, really.”	“I don’t really have anything keeping me here,” I said. “We could go whenever you want.”	“I’m going to go and stay with my family tonight,” she said. “But there’s really nothing holding us here. We might as well go tomorrow.”	“That sounds great,” I said excitedly. “You do that. I’ll do all the preparation. Just pack lightly.”	“We can’t just go in your car. We have so much stuff we’ll have to bring.” 	“Don’t worry about it,” I said. “I want to take the pressure off. Bring what you’d need for a long vacation. If we go out there, find work, and love it, we can come back here and get what we need. If we get there, hate it, find nothing to do, we can come right back. We’ve got nothing to lose.”	She breathed a sigh of relief. “That changes everything,” she said. “I feel a lot more comfortable with that.”	“See?” I said optimistically. “Everything’s coming up roses.”	She kissed me. “Let’s meet back here at noon tomorrow.” 	“I’ll be here,” I said. “With bells on.”	She poked me in the ribs. “That was pretty corny.”	I kissed her on the head as she walked out of the room. She went downstairs and toward the door. Turning around, she grabbed me and threw her arms around me. Fixing her eyes on me for a minute, she smiled. There was that smile again. Then she kissed me.	“I can’t wait,” she said, and turned and walked out the door.	I went back up to the room and put my shoes on. “Come on, Gerlinde,” I coaxed. She waited while I put her leash back on. “Ready to go for a ride?” She stood on her back legs for a second, then turned in a circle. 	Phil came out of her room. “Everything okay?” 	“Yeah. Everything’s fine.”	“Sounded like Helen was crying.”	“She’s had a hard day.”	“Where are you off to?”	I hesitated. There was a lot she didn’t know. I decided to work backwards. “We’re leaving to Portland.”	“What? Now?”	“No, I’m just going to get some things. We’re leaving tomorrow.”	“That’s crazy. She was just talking about how she wanted to stay here with her family.”	“She talked about it with you?”	“We’re women. What do you think we talk about? Quick dry nail polish?” I opened my mouth to answer. “Listen, Aron. She told me she liked you. A lot. But she knew you wanted to leave town. She didn’t know what to do because of her family and all.”	“That’s what she said today.”	“What changed?”	“Nothing. I just took the pressure off. We don’t have to move definitively or anything. It’s just that we’ve exhausted our resources here. We’re just going to see what’s outside of the city walls.”	“I think that would be good for her.”	“I do, too.”	“Aron, Helen is my best friend. I don’t want anything to happen to her.” I paused and waited for her to finish. “That’s it. I just want to make sure she’s okay.”	“I’ll protect her,” I said.	“She can take care of herself,” Phil retorted. “I’m just telling you not to hurt her.”	“I care about her a lot,” I said firmly. “I respect her. I just want her to be happy. If that’s with me in Portland or anywhere else, amazing. If not, I understand.”	Phil eased up. “Okay,” she said. “That’s all I wanted to hear.”	“Listen, Phil,” I began, “thank you for saving me that day. You brought me back to Helen, and I thank you for that. I can’t thank you enough for letting me stay here. I owe you.” I hugged her. “I won’t say goodbye; I’m sure we’ll see each other again.”	She smiled. “Maybe at your wedding,” she said. I smiled back then turned and walked out.	I walked back to the car and made a mental list of what I would need. I opened the door and let Gerlinde in. “We’re going to have to sneak you into the hotel tonight,” I said. She looked at me. “Let’s go get some things first,” I said again. We drove off.	I drove almost aimlessly, listening to music with the windows down. Gerlinde hopped into the front seat and stuck her head out the window. For the first time since before the storm, I felt at ease. Almost at home in my skin. Granted, I still felt incredibly alienated. The sense of loss I felt was overwhelming, but the prospect of stealing away with a person who cared about me was illuminating.	It was the aspect of starting from scratch. A new destination. A new part of my life. A new partner. I looked over at Gerlinde. Jesus. Even a new dog. It almost seemed like things were going to look up for me and my canine friend. She barked in confirmation.	I pulled into the parking lot of a Wal Mart that seemed large and obnoxious. Under other circumstances, I would have reconsidered the political implications of shopping at such an insanely capitalist, union busting, less-developed-country-exploiting, oversized caricature of a haven for the perpetuating of American stereotypes at home and abroad, but under the circumstances, it would suffice.	I ran in and was sickened by the stench of consumerism, impulse buys, cheap Chinese plastic. It was immediately overwhelmingly large. I wandered up and down the aisles. “Road trip food,” I said to myself out loud. I grabbed a hand basket and began to load it up with beef jerky, Twinkies, Charleston Chews. “How are you today, sir?” a kind, overweight woman with brown feathered hair and glasses asked me as she passed me in the aisle.	I smiled. “Just fine, thanks,” I said, almost believing it.	“Well, that’s just great,” she replied without breaking her squeaky-sneakers-on-a-waxed-floor stride. I watched her until she turned at the end of the aisle, then quickly got back to my snack attack. “Ooh, Abba Zabba,” I remarked, grabbing a handful of the yellow and black checkered candy. 	Just as I was reminiscing about the long-lost world of Chick-o-sticks and Fun-Dip, the need for dog food hit me. I wandered through the labyrinthine bazaar until I stumbled upon the pet food aisle. “What are we going to get for you today, Gerlinde?” A package of Beggin’ Srips and a small 10 lb. bag of generic dog food were decided on, and I left the aisle, trying to remember what else I might need.	I made my way for where the atlases might be, deciding it would be good not to waste my last shopping spree in this city. It would probably behoove me to show up tomorrow with something concrete like a map instead of just a handful of candy and junk food. The atlases and road maps were organized by region. I pulled out a map of the Pacific Northwest, trying to find a preliminary route. A handful of highways, I remarked. Not one or two highways went there. It was a littering of selections, taking me north, then through Utah, Idaho, and finally Oregon. Trying to fold the map back up, I got lost in its folds: first one way, then another. Nothing seemed to lay along the lines, so I crumpled parts and threw it in my basket nonchalantly. Yes. We’re doing this. I grabbed for at atlas.	“Pacific Northwest, huh? I hear it’s nice out there,” I heard a familiar voice say.	I turned my head. “Johann! Oh man, it’s so great to see you!”	“Yeah,” he said. “You, too. What are you up to?”	“Helen and I are taking a road trip to Portland,” I said quickly. “But how are you? Are you okay? Did you get out in time?”	“You and Helen? Why would Helen be going with you?”	“Because she’s my girlfriend,” I said, laughing. He rubbed is beard and looked puzzled. 	“How’s your brother?” he asked. I said nothing. I could see the anxiety rise in his voice. “Where is your brother?” he asked again.	My heart raced. “We were in the house together,” I began. He closed his eyes and clenched his jaw. “I decided to leave, but he wouldn’t come with me. He stayed behind. Johann, Moses is dead.” He rubbed his eyes. We just sat there, silent, in the middle of the aisle.	“Jesus,” he said. He was silent.	“So did you get out?” I asked again.	“Yeah, don’t you remember lunch that day?” he asked quizzically. 	“Yeah, I guess. Where did you go?”	“I went to stay with my aunt and uncle in Austin.”	“Oh yeah? I hear Austin’s a pretty cool town,” I said, trying to make light of the situation. “Like it would almost be livable if it weren’t in Texas.”	“Yeah,” he said, dismissively. “So when are you leaving?”	“Tomorrow. God, I wish I knew you were here. I would’ve tried to spend some time with you before I left.”	“Well, how long are you going to be gone?” 	I was having trouble reading him. He almost sounded agitated. “I don’t know. A while.”	“I thought you said it was a road trip.”	“We might be moving.”	“Huh,” he grunted. Then, he suddenly his mannerism changed. “Well, that sounds great,” he said smiling. “I didn’t know you guys were that serious yet.”	“I didn’t either. But we both needed to leave this place, and I think we agreed it would be nice to do it together.”	“Sure,” Johann agreed.	“Listen, let’s go get a drink or something,” I said. “Let me just check out, and we can go get a beer and talk.”	“Sounds good,” he said.	A nice woman that looked like she might already have retired checked me out. I admired how genuinely happy she seemed to be. Maybe all it took was working at a Wal Mart for low pay and long hours that really brought you a sense of accomplishment and happiness in life. I made a note to myself to try that if everything else failed.	Johann grabbed the sack of dog food and followed me out to the car. “Who gets the kibbles?” he asked.	“Gerlinde,” I said proudly.	“Gerlinde?”	“Yeah, she’s a dog that we found. We called the number, but it was disconnected. Helen loved her and wanted to keep her.” We made it out to the car, and he threw the dog food in the trunk. I unlocked our doors and Gerlinde jumped around excitedly. “You should’ve seen it,” I said across the roof of the car to Johann just before we ducked into the compact sedan. “Helen did this amazing thing...”	“I know what you’re doing,” he interrupted.	I stopped short. “What?”	“I said the two of you were hard to tell apart, not impossible.”	“Johann, I don’t know what you’re...”	“You might be able to fool Helen because she wants to believe you’re Aron. I’m not some poor deluded girl that you’re going to convince.”	“What?” I asked, stunned.	“You are a bastard,” he said, each syllable firm in his mouth. I was silent. “What you’re doing is totally fucked up, not to mention illegal.” He waited for me to respond. 	I was speechless.	“If you think I’m going to let you get away with this, you’re wrong.” He looked over at me and stared into my eyes. “Dead fucking wrong.” I looked away.	“You’ve taken over someone’s identity. Your dead brother’s.” He was insistent.	“Johann, you don’t know what you’re talking about. I know you’re upset about...”	“Shut up!” he roared. Gerlinde barked. 	He stared at me unblinkingly. Then he lowered his tone. Very coolly, he looked at me, and drew his head slightly closer. “You listen to me,” he said firmly, yet almost in a whisper, his head almost shaking. “You set this right. Whatever steps you’ve gone to, you undo them. You will tell Helen what you’ve done. Leave town. And may God have mercy on your soul, you sick fuck.” He opened his door and got out. Then, he leaned in. Fuming, he said, “Don’t think you can not fix this and just skip town. If you don’t tell Helen, I will.” He stood prostrate, then leaned down one last time. “If you leave without setting this straight, I will find you. So help me God, I will fucking find you.” 	He slammed the door and walked off.	I sighed, turned on the car, and headed for the hotel.