Chapter 5: Sunday, September 10, 2005 	We slept in. 	When I woke up, Helen was looking at me. She had been watching me sleep. “What time is it?” I asked with a groan, rubbing my eyes.	“Don’t worry,” she said. She drew her face near and kissed me on the lips. Drawing back, she beamed. She propped her head up on an arm and looked at me. 	Outside of these walls was devastation. Hurt. Pain. Death. Sickness. Water. Refugees. Politics. Hunger. Thirst. 	Inside of these walls, she was happy. 	I was amazed. I looked back at her, trying to soften my expression. She really was beautiful. Even more so when she looked at me like that. Her eyes were squinted slightly, but her features shone brightly. It was extraordinary. If I didn’t know any better, I might say she loved me. 	“Did you have any dreams?” she asked.	“None to speak of,” I answered. “You?”	“I did, but now I can’t remember.”	“What time is it?” I asked again.	“Don’t worry,” she replied reassuringly. “Just lay here with me.”	I curled her brown locks behind her ears. “You have pretty hair,” I said and immediately felt awkward. She smiled, unaware of any awkwardness.	“You’re sweet,” she said, beaming. It didn’t seem like she could possibly be any happier. When I looked at her, I knew I could never do anything to hurt this girl. There was something about her I wanted to protect. 	Not protect in any sort of medieval Sir Lancelot way, as though she actually needed it and I was here to save the day. I just knew it would crush me ever to see her upset. So I wanted to protect her to make sure that nothing bad ever happened to her. Because she deserved it.	Still, I couldn’t imagine what those soft features would looked like hardened on a cold fall day after a year’s worth of heartbreak. Please, God, anybody: don’t ever let that happen to her.	“Aron,” she said. “I didn’t even ask you. How is your family through all of this? Did they get out?”	I said nothing.	“Are you okay? You look sick.”	I buried my head in the crook of my arm. I suddenly felt short of breath. The tears came without me asking. Tons of them. She didn’t say anything. She just moved closer to me and put her arm on my back. I lay there sobbing. My emotions were so mixed I couldn’t tell which ones were speaking through my eyes. I just let them. 	After a few minutes, I looked at her. “Aron,” she said slowly. “Is Moses okay?”	“No,” I said slowly. She bit her bottom lip slightly.	“Oh my God,” she whispered. “Do you want to tell me what happened?”	I opened my mouth to speak. Tears instead. I buried my head back in my arm. “Oh my God,” she repeated to herself. I kept crying. I stopped and tried to breathe. I got a few breaths out before the tears came back. Helen drew herself slightly nearer. Though I wasn’t in a place to appreciate it, the thought crossed my mind that it was generous of her to make herself so available to me. To let me know that she wouldn’t die, too. Not yet. Not soon. I could count on her presence, she was telling me.	Still crying, I picked up my head and looked at her. She had this look on her face that still to this day I cannot describe to you. It was this amazing mix of sympathy and benevolence. Not quite pity, but a touch of strength. I closed my eyes and drew my head toward hers.	Her lips were warm and sweet in my mouth. I pulled back and drew my hand up to my face, running my first two fingers along my lips. “Aron, I had no idea,” she said. “I’m so sorry.” I just looked at her, dumbfounded. “No wonder you’ve seemed so numb.” I began to cry again. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered, rubbing my back. I rolled over and drew her arm over my shoulder like a blanket. A large, soft, warm blanket. A blanket I could hide under. Curling up into the fetal position, I reached behind me and drew her knees to the backs of mine and fell asleep.	I woke up and turned over. The bed was empty. Looking around the room, I began to lift my torso up. Just then, she entered with a tray: two teacups and a teapot. “Hi,” she whispered. “I thought you might like some tea.” 	I nodded as she put it on the nightstand. She sat on the bed next to me and put her hand in my hair. I closed my eyes and let her run her fingers through my hair, massaging my scalp while the tea steeped. Pulling my hand toward hers, I took it from my head, opened it, and kissed its palm. Then I put it back on my head. 	After caressing my head for a few more minutes, she poured a cup of tea and handed it to me. I propped myself up against the wall. It was hot in the house, but somehow the warm tea did me good. I held the cup to the lips and breathed in the hot steam. It was comforting. Chamomile. I took a sip and slipped a middle finger through the handle, cradling my other palm around it and drawing in its warmth. “Thank you,” I said, first looking at my reflection in the dark water and then at her. She just smiled. Softly, but not sadly. I hoped that this was a source of good in my life that I would be able to draw upon and count on for a long time. I never wanted to let this go. “Did your family evacuate?” I asked, looking to take the attention off of me for a while.	“They did,” she said. “They got out on Friday before the storm.”	“Why didn’t you?” I asked.	“I owe you an apology. I know I was upset with you for not leaving.”	“No, it’s okay,” I said reassuringly. “So what happened to you?” She looked away, then swung her neck back. Closing her eyes, she said, “I had to come back for you. I couldn’t leave knowing you were still here.”	I sat my cup on the bedside table and took her hands into mine. “I found you. Indirectly, but I found you.”	“I’m sorry. I know that’s silly.”		“What are you talking about?” I said, confounded.	“I mean,” she began. She paused. Looking for the words. She drew in a breath and tried again. “I just care about you so much. I know we hardly know each other, but I was so worried about you.”	“It’s not silly,” I said, rubbing her hands. “It’s beautiful. I know we hardly know each other, but I feel so close to you. I won’t say I’m glad you came back; that was brazen. But I’m glad we’re here together now.”	“I’d rather be here with you in these circumstances than safe with my parents in Ohio,” she confided.	“At least they’re okay,” I said.	“Oh, Aron...” she began.	“No, no. I didn’t mean it like that,” I said quickly. “I’m glad they’re unharmed.” We sat in silence for a few moments. “We owe a lot to Phil.” She laughed a bit, sniffling.		“You’re right.”	I looked at my tea and quickly drank down the rest. I could feel its warmth down my throat. I lay back down and pulled her on top of me. 	It felt so comforting to feel her weight on me. She slid down on the bed a few inches and rested her head on my chest. I slowly drew my head up and smelled her hair. Kissing her head, I drew my head back to the pillow and my hand up to the spot I kissed, touching it lightly.	“Why didn’t you say anything?” she asked calmly, in a tone that wholly lacked accusation. 	“I was still in shock. Denial. I guess I still am,” I said honestly. “And I’ve felt guilty. Everybody’s losing someone. Or two people. Or everyone. Their house. Their cars. Everything they’ve worked so hard for. I guess I felt like I didn’t have a right.”	“Of course you do,” she said, drawing up her head and resting her chin on my chest, looking at me. “You have a right to any feelings you have about this. We’re all living this together, and if we don’t let ourselves feel, if we don’t take in what’s happening around us, it’ll all come out later in a way infinitely more detrimental to us and those we love.”	“You’re right,” I conceded.	“I think you should maybe see a counselor when this whole thing blows over,” she suggested. “That might help you to come to terms with all of this. To make sense of it.”	“I don’t know,” I said hesitantly. “I’ve never been good at talking about my feelings.”	“Aron, I think it would be good for you.”	“I’ll think about it. Right now, my therapy is helping everyone in this city rebuild their lives.”	“It’s wonderful of you. I was very proud of you yesterday when we were talking about your volunteering. It’s very selfless. And it’s important for all of us to do right now. As much as we can. You just have to make sure you stay in touch with yourself. What you’re feeling.”	“How did you get so wise?” I asked, leaning forward to kiss her on the forehead.	She lay her head back down on my chest, and my head found the pillow again. I drifted in and out of consciousness. 	It began to get late. And just as Helen and I began to worry about Phil, she came home. “What a day,” she said solemnly.	“Tell us about it,” we replied. We all sank into seats around the kitchen table. No one knew who should start. So nobody did. After a few minutes, I offered to make dinner. Neither of the girls could afford to turn me down. 	I looked through the pantry and the refrigerator and tried to put something together. Nothing was really working, so I used a quick last resort. 	The beans and rice were hot and filled a small void of hunger that I could imagine none of the three of us much minded by this point because we had become so accustomed to it. The storm had long passed, but it took a lot of frantic driving to find a grocery store that had reopened. The town was a mess everywhere.	Each of us quickly scarfed down our meal, not overly interested in the conversation that might have been one of the only ways to combat the isolation we all inevitably felt. Still, there was something about the length of the summer days, the humidity, the news coverage, and the loss that became palpable in the air that stole your will to pretend like you were leading an existence that in any way resembled normalcy.	After dinner, Phil offered to do the dishes. “Do you want do go for a walk?” I asked Helen. She nodded and we told Phil we’d be back later. 	Stepping out the door, Helen breathed deeply. “This will be nice,” she said. “I needed some fresh air.” I agreed. “There’s only one condition,” she said after a pause.	“What’s that?” I asked, curious.	“We have to stay on this side of the river. I’ll want to go into the city to do some more work tomorrow, but for tonight, I just want to pretend like none of this ever happened.”	“I think we can stick to that,” I said.	We walked silently for a block or two. Side by side, lost in thought, we breathed the hot air. 	I reached for her hand. Our fingers netted awkwardly at first. Breaking pace, she held the tangle with her other hand and twisted her arm in and out until she found the configuration that made us both comfortable. It felt like I knew it should feel. It felt like maybe the disaster was on the other side of the river for one night. It felt like maybe a category five tropical storm wasn’t quite powerful enough to inhibit the legendary strength of budding twentysomething passion. 	It was the first time I had felt exhilarated since well before the storm. I leaned over and kissed her on the cheek: a kiss that lasted a few steps as our out-of-sync heads bobbed up and down. My original target had moved slightly, but she got the idea. When I pulled away, she looked at me and smiled. We took four more quick steps and she stopped. As I didn’t notice immediately, she pulled my hand back. I took a step or two back in her direction, and she gently but firmly placed both of her hands on either side of my face and drew my head toward hers. 	I closed my eyes as first our lips touched, then our mouths opened into one another’s. My head swooned as I reached toward the back of her head with one hand and cupped the other around her neck. It had felt different to me to have my face held while kissing, but it made me feel carefree like I had been before the dinner party. Before dad left. Before I came out into a world that I ultimately found to be uncaring, unrelenting, unsympathetic. Yes, that was it. She made me feel like I hadn’t been born yet and that all I knew was safety, satiety, warmth.  	When we kissed, men and women came back to life. The women in the Superdome were unraped. The children were unstarving. Everything went in reverse. The president unaddressed the nation with offensively uninformed strings of information. The couple whose house I had helped place piece by piece into the back of a truck came back home to a house that rebuilt itself. The highways uncluttered. Men rowed their boats back to their houses.	The rain flew in big drops back into the clouds, which swirled counterclockwise. The levees were slowly pieced back together as the storm moved south and back into the Gulf. The water poured back into Lake Pontchatrain, the Mississippi. The warm air and the cool air that formed in the Gulf of Mexico separated and parted ways. 	Life went back to normal.	I pulled away and put my arms around her. We hugged for centuries. She took her arms from around me and without losing contact with my body clasped my hand in hers. Bringing her other hand around, she held mine in the both of hers and walked, looking at my profile with brilliant and shining eyes. I stopped and looked into those eyes. “Let’s leave,” I said, unable to control my tongue.	“What?” she said, searching my face for an explanation.	“I mean, we have our work cut out for us here for the next little while. But I want to leave.” I paused. “And I want you to come with me.”	“Aron, I...” she began.	“No, I’m not saying we should quit. Give up. But I never really liked this city in the first place. I never felt any sort of duty toward it. And now it swallowed by brother and mother. My father will forget who I am in within the next three months. I am dead to Louisiana. I want to start over. And I want you to start over with me.”	“I don’t know, Aron.” She looked confused. “My whole life is here.”	“So was mine. But look at this city.”	“Exactly,” she said. “I don’t know if I can just leave it in shambles. Pick up and take off.” She looked upset.	“Why not? A lot of people are doing that.”	“I know. But I have Phil here. I have a place to live. I want to help.”	“So do I. And I have been. To the extent that I am able. But now, I am the only cognizant member of my family who has survived this. And I want to leave this behind. It’s only misery here. And for what? This city? The Superdome? Tulane? The fucking Saints? Bourbon Street? Mardi Gras? Fuck this place. We can be happier somewhere else. Anywhere else. Cedar Rapids. Boise. Anchorage. I want to get out of here. I want my life back. I want a new life.”	“Aron, I would understand your reasons for leaving. You’re entitled. I would understand and respect your decision.	“But you can’t come with me.”	“But I can’t come with you.” 	“I don’t understand.”	“Aron, my family is going to come back here. We’re going to try to get back to normal. Together. We’re going to try and rebuild.”	“Until when? Until next summer? I don’t have to tell you about global warming and its effect on climate change.”	“No, you don’t. But we can’t let fear rule our lives.”	“I’m not. I’m letting logic. It’s not logical to live in a place that is no longer safe to live in.” I began to lose patience.	“Aron, I understand that you’re upset. You’ve sustained large losses emotionally. You may just be reacting from that. Maybe you’ll come around and change your mind. but for now, I wouldn’t feel right moving to avoid something rather than moving for want of something else.”	“You don’t want to be with me?”	“Of course I do, Aron. That’s not what I meant, I just...” I took my eyes off hers.	“Listen, let’s just talk about it later,” I said exasperatedly. We walked to the end of the block we were on and came to an unspoken consensus that the time to turn back was upon us. We crossed to the other side of the street and walked slowly, kicking the large rocks we saw straight ahead to see how many times we could kick it and maintain it in our path.	“Let’s just take some time to think about it. Think about our options. Think about our lives. I just don’t know if I’m ready to move away quite yet. I want to be with you. I want us to be together. It’s just something I don’t know if I can do right now.”	“I understand,” I said calmly. “Let’s just take it slowly.”	“Day by day,” she agreed.	We reached the house and she reached for the doorknob. I pulled her hand away and put it on my heart. She reached up and kissed me again. We walked inside, and from the look of things, Phil was already in bed. We walked quietly up the stairs and lay in bed.	That night, I tossed and turned as much as I could allow myself to while sleeping next to her. She seemed to be sleeping fine, but you never really can tell. I stayed awake and looked at the ceiling. My heart started to race, and I felt claustrophobia overtake me. I got anxious. Looking over at her, I began to sweat. I averted my eyes. Back up at the ceiling. As though she could sense it or it woke her up, she rolled over.	“Are you okay,” she asked. “You’re not sleeping.”	“I’m sorry,” I said. “Did I wake you?”	“No, no, no. I’m just worried about you,” she whispered. 	“I’m okay,” I said unconvincingly.	“Listen, get some sleep. We can’t do anything about anything right now. We’ll start again in the morning.”	“You’re right,” I said. She turned back over. I turned toward her and blanketed her with my limbs. Her hair brushed against my face. It smelled like rain. But a new kind of rain. Rain that brings life, if I’ve ever smelled that before. 	In this position, sleep came easily.	I woke up to Helen sitting on the edge of the bed drying her hair with a towel. “Good morning,” she said sweetly, turning around at the sound of me stirring in the bed. 	“Hi,” I said, smiling. She always made me smile.	“I was going to drive around and do some work today,” she said, judiciously toweling her long brown hair. “Do you want to come with me?”	“Yeah,” I said. “I’ll be ready in a few minutes,” I added, noticing that she was already clothed and looked as though she might end up having to wait on me. I hated the idea, and quickly climbed out of bed and made my way to the bathroom. 	Completing my face splashing routine, I still felt dirty. I looked at my alien face in the mirror, and sighed. Still, it was comforting to realize that Helen would make allowances for my facial stubble, my general odor that became more and more pronounced, my unkempt hair. I almost felt like I could be myself around her. 	I met her downstairs after throwing on my shoes. We walked out to her car together: a white Honda Accord, probably ten years old, though it still looked and smelled new. 	We sat down and she sighed before starting the ignition. There was the understanding in the air that it was going to be an overwhelmingly difficult day. The radio came on obediently. Thom Yorke’s brilliant vibrato sailed over some translucent chords. “This is such a good record,” I commented.	“I thought you hated it.”	“No, it’s great.”	“Didn’t you say the other night at the bar something like, ‘Hail to the Thief is the worst Radiohead record since Pablo Honey’?”	“You know,” I began, backpedaling, “I had so much trouble getting into it. Because, really. Where do you go after the Kid A and Amnesiac sessions? But Moses and I listened to it a couple times together.” I paused here, then continued. “The singles are great, and that was really my gateway into appreciating the record as a whole.”	“It’s true. It’s good that you’re getting into it. I’m glad that Moses opened you up to it. Because I remember him saying he liked it.”	“Yeah,” I said reminiscently. I felt awkward, so I quickly added my caveat. “I still hold that it’s not nearly as good as its two predecessors. But I’m coming around.”	“Fair enough,” she said, reaching over to grasp my hand between gear shifts. I hadn’t smiled this much since kindergarten. 	We began to roll into disaster territory. Helen took her sunglasses from the dashboard and put them slowly to her eyes as we surveyed the blocks around us. It seemed to be just as motivated by the desire for an emotional barrier from the suffering around us as by the need for a partial obstruction of the punishingly unadulterated sunrays.	“Where should we stop?” she asked, nearly betraying a tone of defeat in her voice. 	“You call it,” I said, just as bewildered. 	We drove a few more blocks until we saw a makeshift tent with what looked like the Salvation Army emblem on the side. “Are they doing a feeding?” Helen asked.	“It looks like it. We could go and help out,” I suggested. Helen pulled over a few hundred yards away and we got out. She came around to my side of the car and I put my arm around her as we walked toward the tent. I realized after a few steps that from behind it must’ve looked like such a cliché: a couple walking slowly, the guy’s arm around the girl. In reality, it was just as much to hold myself up as it was to support her.	“What kind of animal is that?” Helen said, stopping suddenly and pointing over to the side of the house on the right side of the road. It was small and foxlike: a narrow, pointed snout and a long tail, although the colors were all wrong; a grayish and brownish color, no red-orange. 	“I think it’s a dog,” I said, unsure. We took a few steps toward it. As we approached, we could see the animal’s ribs ripple its taut skin along its sides. Its tail was to us and it looked like it was sniffing around the side of the house for food. Helen made a kissing sound and it turned its head toward us. The tags made a jingling sound, which gave away that it was a dog. We took one more step, and it shot its body around to face us. We stopped, and it cowered, lowering itself on its legs and pointing its tail down toward the ground. 	“It’s okay,” I said, and took a step forward. It began to snarl and lifted its upper lip, aggressively showing a sharp row of top teeth. Its lip quivered as it licked upward and lowered itself on its front legs. I stopped immediately and instinctively reached backward for Helen to place her behind me. My arms groped at air. She was on the other side of me. “Let’s just leave it alone,” I said, my voice half trembling. I saw that she was approaching it slowly. It barked at her twice, almost savagely. I opened my mouth to call her name, but she stooped down toward the ground and placed her hand out in front of her. I just watched, stupefied. My legs began to shake behind my knees, and though she appeared to know what she was doing, I readied myself.	Her presence was authoritative, but peaceful. The dog lowered its lip, but remained in an aggressive stance. She lowered her hand further, palm down, and turned her head away from the dog, continuing to avert her eyes. As she neared the dog, it trembled. She got within arm’s reach of it and placed her hand at about six inches from the animal’s nose. She stopped, and there was a sort of standoff between the two creatures. The tension abated when the dog approached her to sniff the hand, its graceful fingers extended in a sign of diplomacy. She let the beast sniff her fingers for a few seconds. Then, stunningly, the animal carefully stuck its tongue out and licked her fingertips gently. She moved her hand to the top of its head. The creature’s ears laid flat back on its head, and she stroked its head softly. Then, kneeling toward the dog, Helen positioned herself parallel with the dog on its left side and supportively placed her right arm over the dogs back and onto its side and began to stroke its head with her left hand. She was whispering comfortingly into the animal’s ear. 	I stood on the sidewalk, baffled at the scene unfolding before me. She continued to pet the dog, and by this time, it was completely docile. “Come here,” she beckoned to me softly. I approached slowly, but the animal went back on the defensive. It again showed its teeth, wolflike. “Look away,” she said to me. I obeyed and the dog calmed itself. “They don’t like direct eye contact. They take it as a threat,” Helen explained just above a whisper. I continued to approach, my hand out tenderly. When I arrived within a short distance of the dog, I extended my hand to pet it. To my surprise, it let me gently finger its head between its ears. “That’s right,” Helen said both to me and the animal she was now holding with one hand under the stomach and one hand on the chest, pulling it closer to herself. 	Though it was a relatively large animal, assumedly full grown for whatever mix of breeds it was, she made it look newborn, she its only trusted contact in the outside world. We sat with it and caressed it gently. Soon, the dog turned into a loving creature, licking first her face and then mine. We laughed with the animal. “Look at her tags,” Helen told me. “Gerlinde,” I said. “That’s quite a name, Gerlinde,” I said to the dog, petting her sides. 	“Is there a number?” Helen asked. 	“There is,” I said. 	“Let’s find a phone booth,” she suggested.	We walked back to the car, coaxing Gerlinde to come with us. Helen opened the door, and the animal cowered backward. Helen bent over gently and caressed the animal’s head, speaking softly to her. She then slipped her fingers under the collar and led the frightened but trusting animal into the car. “You drive,” she ordered, slipping into the back seat with Gerlinde. 	I acquiesced in her command and got into the driver’s seat. Careful to drive slowly and deliberately, I navigated through the neighborhood and to the closest supermarket. I drove squarely up to the phone booth and had Helen read the number on the tag off to me.	Repeating it to myself as I walked toward the phone, inserted the two quarters, and through the dialing process, I was stopped prematurely by the sound of the ever-dehumanizing three tones, rising in successive pitch. “The number you have dialed is disconnected,” said the operator tauntingly. Frustrated, I slammed the phone down and walked back to the car.	“Disconnected,” I said to Helen, who was coddling the dog. By now, Gerlinde had calmed down.	“Figures,” she said. Then she stopped to think for a minute. I got in. “Listen,” she said, “judging by Gerlinde’s ribs, she hasn’t eaten for days. Either the family evacuated and left her, or...” she trailed off, not wanting to enumerate the further possibilities. 	“Yeah,” I said, implying there was no need. “What should we do?”	“We can’t just leave her out here.” I just stared at her, awaiting further orders. “Let’s take her home,” she concluded.	“Okay,” I conceded, and began to drive.	In the end, I certainly didn’t have anything against the animal. After all, it’s incredibly rewarding to gain the confidence of an animal that only a few minutes before was hedging its bets in a battle to the death. I just didn’t know what we would do with it, where it would go, if Phil would be okay with it staying with us indefinitely.	“She needs water,” Helen remarked, as though talking to herself.	“We’ll get it some,” I assured her.	“Yes, we will get her some,” Helen agreed, stressing the penultimate syllable.	“Right,” I said guiltily. I had never been good with animals. Though I had a natural affinity for them, I was always inept at handling them. Helen, on the other hand, was nothing short of genius. “You know, it was really amazing what you did back there.”	“It was nothing,” she said, not taking her eyes off of Gerlinde.	“Yeah, it was,” I said, almost excitedly. “Where did you learn that?”	“I didn’t really. I’ve just spent enough time with animals that I’ve learned when they feel threatened and when they feel ready to trust.	“You know, they’re very much like humans in that respect. All it takes is a little patience and understanding, and you can win over even the most bellicose beast, human or not.” She let the simplicity and profundity of her comment linger in the air. I was slow to absorb it. I didn’t know how to respond, so I didn’t.	As we pulled up to the house, I got out and came around to the other side of the car and let Helen and her new companion out of the back. As Helen climbed out, I noticed she let go of Gerlinde’s collar, and panic overtook me as I realized the potential for the animal to run off, as unpredictable as its behavior had been. Yet Gerlinde waited obediently for Helen to catch up to her, and walked closely by her side. Though I was completely baffled, I had learned to expect amazing feats from Helen. 	We walked in the house, and Helen walked to the kitchen with Gerlinde to fetch her a bowl of water. “We’ll need some dog food,” she said again as though to herself, looking through the pantry. Nothing. She opened the refrigerator and took out a small styrofoam tray of ground beef. I watched in horror as she removed the plastic wrap and put it down next to the bowl of water for the animal. The dog quickly began to devour the meat, as I drew in a breath to object. Helen anticipated my reaction. “Don’t worry,” she said firmly. “It was almost expired. I know our food’s precious, but Gerlinde was close to starvation. We’re doing just fine.”	“You’re right,” I yielded. “You’re right.” 	I watched as the animal quickly disposed of the meat in front of her, and then looked up at Helen, pleased, and licked the sides of her mouth. She then walked out of the kitchen and walked around, sniffing this and that, trying to get oriented to her new surroundings.	“She’s cute,” Helen said, smiling. I nodded in agreement. Then she walked over to me. “But not as cute as you,” she added, batting her eyelashes in recognition of how cheesy yet how sweet what she just said was. I bent my neck slightly and kissed her on the lips. Whatever slight difference in height there was between us was negated when we were kissing, as though our statures had been created with the only functional consideration being that our lips could comfortably meet.	Just then, Phil walked in the door, carrying two modestly sized grocery bags in her hands. Gerlinde ran over to the door to greet her. “Hi,” Phil said enthusiastically. “Who are you?” Phil put down the grocery bags to pet her. 	“That’s Gerlinde,” Helen said. “We found her today when we were on our way to go help out. She was hungry and scared. But we just gave her some food, and she seems to be doing much better.” Gerlinde ran back to Helen to let her know that she had a visitor. “Aren’t you?” Helen said in motherese while bending down to meet Gerlinde’s face. “Aren’t you?”	Phil seemed somehow not to worry about where Gerlinde was going to sleep, eat, or relieve herself. “What kind of dog is she?” Phil asked curiously, leaning down with Helen to shower the animal with love. 	“She looks like a mix,” Helen said. “She looks like she has a collie face with whippit colors and hair length, but slightly more compact.”	“Well, whatever you are, you’re adorable,” Phil said in motherese similar to Helen’s, putting her face close to Gerlinde’s in hope of receiving some nice, wet doggie kisses. “What are we going to do with her?”	“I don’t know,” Helen said. “We called the number. Of course it was disconnected.”	“We can try to put up some ‘Found’ posters around the neighborhood tomorrow,” I suggested.	“That’s a good idea,” responded Helen, seeming to foreshadow how much she might subconsciously drag her feet on such a task.	Gerlinde ran over to the space between the couch and the coffee table in the sitting room and lay down between them, still licking her chops. 	“Well, how was your day,” I asked Phil, who seemed like she might have seen some interesting events.	“It was...interesting,” she said, picking up her grocery sacks by the door and walking into the kitchen. 	“You’re home pretty early,” Helen said. It was still early afternoon.	“Well, I left at about eight this morning,” she said. “I woke up early and I couldn’t get back to sleep; I was thinking too much about working today. So I just threw some clothes on and left.”	“What did you end up doing?” I asked.	“Well, I ran into that same church group that we worked with the other day,” she said to me. “The ones with the matching shirts.”	“Oh yeah?”	“Yeah. Same neighborhood. They’re dedicated. They had already been working for like two hours when I got there.”	“Wow. That’s great,” I said.	“Yeah. We worked on another house and pretty much finished it. I had to leave around lunchtime. I was just so tired.”	“No doubt,” Helen said sympathetically. “This kind of stuff really wears you out.”	“Sure does,” said Phil, heaving herself up on to the counter and opening a bottle of water she left out after putting away the rest of the groceries. “What did you guys do?”	“Well, we were just looking around for some things to do, and found a Salvation Army tent,” Helen began. “We were going to help them do a feeding, but on our way there, we found Gerlinde.”	“Awww,” Phil cooed. “I bet she just ran right up to you.”	“Not quite,” I retorted. “She was really scared and mistrusting. Then Helen comes up and does this horse whisperer thing, and Gerlinde just completely calms down.”	“I don’t doubt it,” Phil said, looking at her friend. “She’s been known to perform amazing feats like that.”	“I bet,” I said. “She’s amazing.” Helen blushed. “You should’ve seen it, Phil,” I said, excited. “Gerlinde’s backed into this corner,” I started, “leaning down over her front legs.” I imitated her movements grandiosely. “I start to approach her, and she starts going crazy. Then Helen just comes up calmly and kneels down, and the dog is basically tamed. It was incredible. At first, I thought she was feral. But then it seemed like she was just a little shaken up by the storm.”	“She’s something, that Helen,” Phil responded.	“Enough, you guys,” said Helen sheepishly. “I just have a special relationship with animals.”	We all sat in silence for a moment. “You know, I don’t feel like doing anything for the rest of the day,” said Phil walking over to the couch next to Gerlinde and flopping down onto it.	“I second that,” I said. “I’m pretty worn out.” I sat next to her, and motioned to Helen to sit next to me. Phil turned the TV on and switched between the channels lethargically. Food network. Cartoon network. Comedy central. CNN. “Great. More coverage of the storm,” Phil commented, switching past the channel on which was a reporter narrating over aerial footage that we all recognized immediately. MTV. VH1. Nothing on. She flipped through a couple of public access stations, and then stopped on an old-looking film. We all watched, entranced. Antiquity-era-looking people were walking around in old garments. Then Charlton Heston appeared on the screen. 	“The Ten Commandments,” I said. “Awesome.” We all watched silently for a few moments, and the vintage of the movie became immediately apparent, judging by the relatively slow pace and the hokey dialogue. My eyelids started to get really heavy, and I woke up here and there to someone yelling on screen, or some particularly loud song. A few times, I even jerked my head up to find it had been resting comfortably on Helen’s shoulder. These were the times that I just rested it back down on its fleshy pillow and breathed deeply and freely.	“Stay tuned for Ben-Hur, next on the TBS Charlton Heston Marathon,” the announcer barked, waking up the three of us. It was approaching seven o’clock. I looked over and Helen. She had just awakened to Gerlinde licking her feet. 	“I don’t know about you, but I could sleep through the night at this point,” I said. 	“I second that,” said Helen. “It’s been a pretty emotionally draining day.” She got up, and Gerlinde got up to follow her. We walked upstairs, leaving Phil slipping in and out of sleep, sprawled out on the couch.	Helen and I lay in the bed and Gerlinde on the floor. “Thank you,” Helen said, rolling over to me and kissing me on the cheek.	“For what?” I said, bewildered. 	“Just for being you,” she said coyly. I smiled. She then made a clicking sound with her tongue and front teeth, and before I knew what she was signaling, Gerlinde hopped up on the bed and curled up at our feet. 	It was a scene from the movies. We fell asleep holding each other. It couldn’t have been more perfect.